# 11. Chapter 11

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/107241780*
*Published: 2022-10-28*

---

“Aaaand Quick hack.” I said looking towards the row of vending machines. I was hanging out around the Cherry Blossom Market, basically practicing on everything electronic.


Jun was being a jerk so I left the house to give him some private time. Plus I really wanted to grind out my Netrunning.


Pinging the Vending machine let me know that it was actually connected to a small network, that according to the data I got in return, let the owners know when the vending machine was low on stock.


Made sense.


I sent a ping to the next machine.


*100 Quick Hack XP Gained.*


*100 Intelligence XP Gained*


*Intelligence Leveled up!*


I blinked. I didn’t feel any different? I checked myself over, but nothing seemed to change. When my Body leveled up it was pretty noticeable, at least at first, so why was intelligence not seeming to make any changes?


I pouted a little as I tried to think but again nothing seemed out of the ordinary.


“I’ve been scammed.” I grumbled, as I went back to my Quick Hacks.


At least now I could do more Breach training.


But first. I wanted to level Quick Hacks. I wanted that knowledge download. Bored, I looked around and noticed a guy walking along. He had cheap chrome. I could tell. So I started a Quick Hack on him. If he noticed I would just delta.


Heh Delta. Cyberpunk lingo was so fun.


I started with a scan using my optics. It… Well it took a while. I ended up having to follow him around the market a bit before the scan completed and I got his port info. I activated the program, starting the Quick Hack. It was slow, The guys security was better than a vending machine after all.

Still Slowly as he walked across the sidewalk I could see the ticker doing up and then it pinged him. Letting me know he wasn’t connecting to any networks.


*100 Quick Hacks XP Gained.*


*Quick Hacks skill level up!*


But as I expected. Since I hadn’t targeted a person until now, it gave me an immediate XP boost. Since it was something I hadn't done before. While repeating the same thing over and over would keep giving me XP it did eventually slow drastically but doing something new would usually make it easier to gain XP again.


But my mind was a blur. Quick Hacks. Seemed simple, and in some ways it was compared to Breach Protocol. But it was still so complicated!


I smiled as I now simply knew what Quickhacks were. The programs that could be activated on the fly to do so many different things. I hummed a bit as I thought about the best way to level it, and honestly without a lot of people to hack. I was kinda doing it.


But now I had a better understanding of the equipment. I could actually swap out programs now. I knew how to do that, and I had a feeling with a few levels I could spread hacks as well. The knowledge was there tempting me.


Well. I had level 2 Intelligence. Might as well get back to grinding. I grinned as I started pinging people that walked by. Avoiding anyone with serious chrome.


—-


I ended up bored of just sitting on a bench and Quick Hacking everyone, so I started wandering. You would be amazed at how many Camera systems you can see from a sidewalk.


A quick Breach Protocol, which usually ended up meaning I had to find a place to sit as it took a minute. Then I could Quick Hack it surprisingly fast since I already had access to its system. Most of them I would learn were connected to a security system, or a few other cameras.


It wasn’t ‘interesting’ knowledge in and of itself.


But it was also solid XP.


A couple of hours of walking around pinging and Breaching everything I could find had results.


*Breach Protocol skill level up!*


*1 Perk Point Gained.*


*Quick Hacks skill level up!*


*1 Perk Point Gained.*


Level 2 Breach and Quickhacks. Nice.


The speed of my improvement from the baby deck I had before was insane. I was so happy I spent the eddies on this upgrade.


Unfortunately while I was getting Intelligence XP alerts. It wasn’t enough to push me to the next level. So I was now maxed out until I leveled Intelligence.


But I did have perks!


I started on Breach and for once I was actually pleased by the selection. Lots of options caught my eye.


Wall Breaking. Creates a backdoor in the system after a Breach. Making future access instant.


Powerful Breach. Break through systems much faster but causes an alert if security is strong enough.


Daemon Summoner. Upload a Daemon onto a network instantly after a Breach.


All of these sounded Preem.


In the end I went with Wall Breaking. I liked the idea of being able to set up stuff for later. Instead of being forced to Breach the system on the fly.


I was distracted for a bit as I suddenly learned a lot about creating backdoors into systems. Like a lot alot.


I shook it off and focused on Quick Hacks. What goodies could I find in that list?


Honestly? Some pretty good stuff. Quick Hacks were the Magic in Cyberpunk. The ability to cause someone's brain to melt with a look if you were good enough.


The options were pretty useful.


Quicker Hack. Halves time for a Quick Hack.


Cyber Security. Massively increases time to Quick Hack or Breach your System.


Quick Ram. Ram restores twice as fast.


There was a lot more, And Quick Hacks perks had a lot of pre-req options. Meaning that what I picked now would make a big difference in the future.


But the one that grabbed my attention was probably the least offensive one. Cyber Security. This wasn’t a game. If someone hacked me here? My Brain would be melting out my ears, or I would be on the ground twitching very shortly.


So protecting myself sounded like a smart play. Even if I would prefer to be a more stealth build in the future.


Can’t shoot at me if you never know I’m there.


I picked it anyways. Smiling as some knowledge slipped into my head on how to buff my security, through a bit of program editing, it was… I knew enough about Quickhacking at this point to be sure. The editing wouldn’t work like it should, and yet it did. Was there actually a… Magical component to some perks?


In the end I shrugged I had no way of knowing, and I decided to focus on the good. Anyone trying to Quick Hack me would be massively confused at how difficult it was.


I liked it.


—--


It was time. I had made some calls over the last few days. Getting some lukewarm responses, before I hit on one that actually worked. Someone selling not just what I wanted, but willing to do the alterations I needed.


Hiromi was willing to drive me so we headed out mid afternoon.


“Are you going to finally tell me what this is about?” She kept prodding me for information, but I knew I had to keep it a surprise. She had constantly bothered me about my style. She of course went for Gang Chic.


I was going for something a little different. What would they call it again? Neo-militarism? I smiled yeah that sounded about right. The little shop we were heading to was a little backalley deal. The sort of thing you had to know about, to know about.


Hiromi parked her bike on the street. It was safe enough, there were a lot of shops here, and shopping areas especially those held by gangs were usually kept as crime free as possible. Couldn’t make money on the shops if you kept robbing all the customers.


We walked down an alley instead of keeping to the main street. But that was on purpose, a place selling netrunning suits? It wouldn’t want to be well known, Netrunners wouldn’t trust a shop just on the street. No it had to be hidden with a lot of hacking needed to figure out the location.


Or if you were a normal person you could just ask someone in the know and save yourself some time.


The alley was dark and drippy, Hiromi was looking around like she was ready to stab someone but she still didn’t know what was going on exactly.


Finally I found it. A door with that had a weird symbol on it. It wasn’t anything I recognized, and was apparently just the symbol for the shop, as explained by the owner when I called to set my order up.


“C’mon Hiromi this is it.” I told her as I turned and knocked on the door. I waited a minute before it slid open, a man looking like a real monster opened the door, a machine gun resting in his hands as he looked me over.


“Here for an order pickup.”


“Enter.” He offered stepping back, and then Hiromi and I entered into a clothing store.


Yeah. Like I said Netrunners had issues. Funnily enough this part of the shop connected to the front of the store, so I could literally see the street as Hiromi and I walked inside. The owner was a little asian woman sitting behind a set of bars smoking from a pipe. The entire shop had a very asian feel to it. Most of her offerings seem to be older style japanese work.


Fancy.


Once inside I waved at the woman behind the bars. “I’m Motoko, here about a special order?”


“Ah. I was wondering when you would show up. You're younger than I thought.” She said immediately looking me over and then Hiromi as well who was looking around already checking out the clothing on the racks as if she was wondering if she wanted something.


At least she had been until I mentioned a special order.


“Ooh you ordered something special?” She whispered as I smiled at her.


“You have my measurements, so I doubt you're that surprised.” I tell the woman who chuckled a throaty noise.


“You’d be surprised, a lot of girls will chrome out to be smaller. Some guys like that. Alright come around back. Special order I want to make sure it fits.” She said gesturing to a door in the back of the shop which I walked through Hiromi following, and the guard following behind both of us.


The backroom was just that, a room obviously where the woman worked on custom orders, she even had a little area for making adjustments while the person wore whatever clothing she had made.


“Alright here it is. Changing room is there.” She mentions pointing to a small curtain over a side of the room.


Hardly private, but that was fine. I nodded and took the sealed bag she had given me as I walked over.


“Oooh what is it?” Hiromi asked as always not caring about privacy and following me right into the little area. I rolled my eyes at her as I pulled off my little jacket, and the stupid T shirt I had been wearing.


Never going to need that again, at least on a job. And then I dropped my pants which had a raised eyebrow from Hiromi.


“Don’t follow me into a changing room and act surprised.” I told her bluntly as I pulled open the bag unsealing it and pulling out something I had wanted for a while.


A Netrunner suit, cut down making it look more like a leotard and armored up. Although the armor was cheap. It had to be a Netrunner suit and not just some off the rack Leotard because of that armor. I needed something flexible and tight for stealth, but also something that would keep my blood on the inside if I got shot.


Plus… The Major. Ghost in the Shell Motoko always wore something like this.


Sure I lost some of the netrunner suits cooling function, but gained more armor. So fair trade.


I grinned as I slipped it on, with only minor difficulties it was incredibly tight, but the Armor weave was able to shift and adjust meaning I could touch my toes or bend over completely backwards without the suit bunching up or limiting my movement.


I gave myself a once over. Adjusting the fit and nodding at how comfortable it was.


“Cool.” Hiromi offered but she obviously wasn’t super into it. Not enough neon tigers or something I am sure.


With that I slipped back on my pants tightening the jeans leaving plenty of skin around my hips. And my mini jacket was pulled back on.


“Perfect.” I muttered staring at Hiromi as I gave her a smirk as I adjusted my holster on the back of my pants.


“You look like a weird Corpo bodyguard or something.” She tells me teasing, but I shrug.


“I look cool. The word you are looking for is cool.”


“Sure you gonk. That it?”


“Yeah. One sec.” I grab the old shirt and walk out noticing the Shop owner was still waiting for me. “Fits perfectly. You do good work.”


“I do a lot of customizations. Can’t say I’ve ever seen one cut one into pieces before, but you're the buyer.”


“And I am very happy. Thank you.” I told her my eyes glowing blue as I sent the money transfer.


“Excellent there is the door. Come back if you ever need more work.”


“I will. C’mon Hiromi.” I called out to her as she was distracted by something laying on a table but she followed me back into the shop proper, and then out into the streets.


I swiftly threw the T-shirt into the trash as I looked to Hiromi. “Let’s go… Do something cool.” I tell her, earning an eager smile as whooped.


“Hell yeah! Bad bitches on the prowl!” She cried out racing out of the alley to jump on to her bike which I joined her right after.


The new net suit felt perfect as we roared through the city. I felt like I was actually an Edgerunner now. Actually a Cyberpunk.


I felt like I was a Ghost in a Shell.


—-


In the end something cool was heading to a club.


“Hiromi you gonk.” I told her as she pulled up and hopped off the bike with a bounce in her step.


“Motoko is boring. Motoko is boring. Blegh!” She actually stuck her tongue out at me. What a nerd.


I leapt off the bike and pretended to chase after her, causing her to squeal at my sudden move as I pretend chased her towards the entrance to the club. This wasn’t the Ho-oh Club. Instead Hiromi knew of a more active dance club that obviously catered to the Tyger Claws.


The whole place was covered in Japanese tattoos and more swords than I thought would be comfortable in a club.


Buzzing high intensity music was playing and Hiromi and I were allowed to entry into the club after the bouncer gave us a long thorough look with his glowing eyes.


Scanning us down. Apparently we were good because he let us through.


Into a nightmare.


So many weebs. Can you call it a period drama when no one was dressed right for the era, but everyone still acted like they were in some ancient Japanese place? The tables are tiny things that you sat around resting against cushions. Some of the flooring was faux tatami which made me giggle.


But the rest of the place was a nightclub. A bar, a DJ up on the stage places for actual live music as well, lights and strobes and people grinding up against each other.


I was fourteen.


How the hell did they let me in here?


“C’mon!” Hiromi interrupted my melt down by grabbing my arm and tugging me through the crowd landing us on the dance floor.


And then she started dancing.


I didn’t. Listen I didn’t have a dance chip as a certain gun goblin once said. I didn’t have the first clue how to dance to this music. It was… Electro Shamisen Quickstep? Hiromi mostly seemed to just be spazzing out.


Motoko.exe fails to run. Restart?


“Stop being a gonk and dance!” Hiromi called out over the music grabbing my hand and forcing me to move along with her.


Ugh.


Fine. If only because Hiromi looked like she was trying to have fun. I had dragged her all the way around the city, at least I could do her thing now.


So I danced. Badly. I wasn’t quite Commander Shephard bad. At least I didn't think so. Hiromi was having fun anyways now that I was playing along.


Of course she got tired before I did. She really needed more exercise.. Then again this counted. So I just decided to shut up. We slipped off the dance floor and headed to the bar where I gave her a very stern frown pout and she finally gave in and ordered something non-alcoholic.


We took a seat after and settled in sitting basically on the floor, even if it was cushioned we looked over the crowd.


“Isn’t this great?” Hiromi said as she leaned on the table looking over the crowd with a sloppy smile on her face.


“It’s fun.” I told her, assuring her that I had a time dancing even if this definitely wasn’t my scene.


I kinda wanted to go challenge some of the weebs to a sword fight though. With the music and faux Tatami I bet it would be a bitching backdrop.


Probably not a good idea though. My Blades skill was still pretty low.


“You're a new face.” A voice called out from behind me far too close.


Whoever it was had half a second to move in before my Unity was pressed against the bottom of his jaw. The fact that I turned and could see him moving to put his arm over my shoulder solidified my desire to pull the trigger.


But I didn’t. Because Murder was bad. Even if delicious delicious XP was only a trigger pull away.


Part of me. The secret dark part that I refused to listen to whispered to just do it. That I could probably kill people fast enough that I could outlevel any trouble it would cause.


I stuffed that voice in a box.


“Hey!” A voice behind him called out as I noticed he had approached with a little posse of Tyger wannabes. How did I know they were wannabes? Same as I knew Hiromi was. No ECM tats. And trying too hard.


Before anything could come of it, I pulled down my gun and holstered it before purposefully standing up to slide across to the other end of the table beside Hiromi so I didn’t have these strangers at my back.


The guys posse were looking angry, and he looked a little pale.


Like someone had just pushed a gun against his chin.


“Hahaha! You tried to touch Motoko you fuckin gonk! Yo Tomaru how’s that? You said you could get any girl you wanted right? How’s that working for you?” Hiromi laughed and mocked with absolute delight as I noticed the group of teenagers weren’t looking too happy.


“Hiromi as always you look beautiful and then open your mouth and remind us what a piece of rust you are.” He says after a moment and his posse laugh at the insult even Hiromi looked a little heated but I just sat there staring.


What was even happening?


“Hiromi? Who’s this?” I asked, looking the teenager and his little crew over. The teen was probably a little older than us. Katana on his hip. He was rich. Like Hiromi his clothes were brand new, everything fit, and clean.


The girl beside him. The one that was pissed at me for pulling my gun. No Katana. No gun on her hips. Instead I could tell her arms. Cyberware. Mantis? Yeah I could see the seams. Mantis blades. It wasn’t high quality chrome though. Looked old.


Still deadly.


The other two chooms were armed. Guns and a Machete. Not enough eddies for a Katana?


“This annoying kid is Suisen Tomaru. He likes to come down with his groupies and spend his parents eddies while slumming it.”


“Could say the same to you Hiromi Mitsunashi.”


“Could show you what it’s really like on the streets Tomaru, how about that?” Hiromi threatened looking as if she was going to draw a blade and cut him down.


She didn’t have her sword on her though.


“How about we ease up. This is a club.” I butt in, pulling Hiromi back into sitting from where she had risen up looking for a fight.


“Yeah Hiromi, listen to your Pet street choom.” He mocked which seemed to fire up Hiromi, but I wasn’t even insulted. Lazy insult. 2/10 at best. I just rolled my eyes as I held Hiromi down.


“If you are just here to hurl insults and try to start something, can you leave? We were having a nice time.” I tell him frowning at this nonsense interruption.


“Now why would I do that? I haven’t had a chance to talk to Hiromi here in weeks. She is skipping so much I barely ever see her. What was your class ranking again? Last?”


“Better than you where you actually try to please Mommy and Daddy and you are still lower middle of the pack. Moron.” Hiromi hissed but the guy just smiled not bothered by Hiromi’s insults.


Ugh these children were ruining my mood. I didn’t even want to be here!


Considering the angry yelling. Mostly from Hiromi, I wasn’t surprised when someone intervened. A much older man, who was definitely Tyger Claws stepped up to the table looking down on everyone. I just gave him a bored look.


“Is there a problem here?” He asked, looking over every one of the kids with a glare. “Because if there is, I will have to take care of it.”


“No, no problem. Just a friendly discussion between friends.” Tomaru denied with a smile as he turned to Hiromi. “We will finish our ‘discussion’ another time, Hiromi. Do let me know when you are done playing pretend.” He offered before turning. I got a glare from the girl he had been walking with before she too followed after him.


“That was irritating. Thanks.” I called out to the Tyger Claw who didn’t look like he appreciated having to step in.


“If you cause problems again. We will remove you.” He says simply staring at me.


Whatever guy. No need to act all overwhelming.


“Cmon Motoko. I want to dance a bit more, get Tomaru out of my head.”


“Sure.”
