# 88. Chapter 88

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/121567222*
*Published: 2023-06-28*

---

I ended up stuck watching over the lot for an entire week as Hiromi wheeled and dealed. Selling off chrome to anyone and everyone willing to buy.


Considering the amount, it was almost lucky that the TC were interested in so much of it, because offloading it was not easy for Hiromi.


We definitely flooded the market for civilian chrome to rippers and the like.


In the end there wasn’t any trouble. Sure we had a few people sniffing around, but they all gave up when they saw the TC guys guarding everything.


Nothing big.


No kids sneaking around trying to steal it. No TC grunts trying to swipe a crate.


No Scavs showing up to get back their chrome.


Nothing.


It was quiet.


At least not toward the lot. Because I was so busy I had to pass on a gig that Jackie had been given by Wakako, which sucked, Wakako hadn’t been pleased that I wasn’t able to join in, but considering I hadn’t heard anything Jackie must have succeeded.


After we sold everything, or at least enough of the chrome that the dregs left behind weren’t really something we were going to worry about. I was able to stop lurking over the lot.


For my chooms it was a week of running around selling like crazy. They were forced to protect, transport, and sell the chrome without me as I watched over the hoard.


A week before Jun’s increasing grumpiness at me not coming home ended as the chrome was finally gone.


A week before we all finally met up to celebrate our success.


“Cheers!” Ichi called out and raised a glass. I raised my own to click with his, as Malcolm and Hiromi both joined in.


We were at the Ho-Oh Club celebrating.


“Heh! You should have told me about your little act of Piracy Motoko!” Akari whined as she downed her own beer.


“Akari let them enjoy their success.” Jun said with a roll of his eyes. Practically holding the borg back from jumping into our little group.


We were at the Ho-Oh club, because Jun wanted to basically throw a party for my success and he picked the location. Akari had somehow found out about it and decided she wanted to join.


I hadn’t had the heart to tell him I wasn’t a fan of this place, considering the old management.


But it was still a TC club, and now that it had a second floor open, that is what Jun took over for the party.


At least the second floor was nice. A bit higher class than the BD bar down below. It was more like an actual club. The couches were comfier too.


I leaned back as Jun and Akari bickered, as Hiromi continued to look super proud.


She had been on Cloud 9 since we had sold the last of the chrome. Utterly thrilled with all the work she had done.


Honestly we all were.


I was just more anxious about the repercussions. The looming threat of what the response could be. Which is why I was happily hanging out with the chooms to relax.


“Motoko! When is the BD gonna be ready?” Ichi asked, suddenly pulling me back into the present.


“Ah. I haven’t dropped it off yet. I’ve been a little busy.” I reminded them with a sigh. All my chooms nodded, unlike Jun. Ichi, Malcolm, and Hiromi had all been super relieved that I had taken up watching the loot. “I’ll go visit Judy soon.” I assured them.


“You know you could go to a TC editor.” Jun offered looking grumpy at the mention of my Mox friend.


“Nah. Judy’s preem.” I denied instantly, besides. The longer it took the BD to release the better. I had actually been really tempted not to make one of the recording. Tempted to kill the two women that Bart had been with as well.


If there had been no survivors, it would have been quieter.


But the SLS had seen, the TC had known. It would have gotten out eventually. So instead I was going to be blatant about it. Show how dangerous I was, by being almost overconfident.


Yeah I had stolen the Scav shipment. What were they going to do about it? Fight me?


That last bit was the reason I was worried.


I liked my life in Night City. I didn’t want to have to worry about even more knives in the dark.


I shook it off.


That nagging feeling of danger wasn't any of my skills or knowledge.


It was just paranoia. I took a deep breath and exhaled.


“So what is everyone going to do with your eddies?” I asked and suddenly my chooms went silent as they all considered their wealth.


We had made enough eddies to put all four of us into a new economic bracket. At least until we spent it all, but it wasn’t like street kids like us normally had tens of thousands of eddies we could blow as we liked.


“Oh, well. I’m gonna save most of it for my Grandmother just in case. I mean, maybe look into some chrome.” Ichi offered with a casual shrug, although I noted that the last bit was less a maybe and more a definitely for the teenager.


“Oh I’m getting some better chrome too. I’m thinking some subdermal… Just so I don’t have to worry so much about getting shot up.” Malcolm offered. “Otherwise… Maybe a car of my own. I wouldn’t mind having my own ride.”


“Oh! I’m going to invest it into some quality flash chrome!” Hiromi happily cheered. “I need to look the part. Father offered to take me to an Arasaka medical clinic for some real corpo chrome.”


“Oh fancy!” I said smiling, considering the Arasaka aesthetics… Yeah that would look pretty preem on Hiromi. It might change her style to a more goth style, but I bet it would look cute on her.


“What about you Motoko?”


I shrugged, I had a few things I wanted. I still wanted to get a Kusanagi Yaiba of my own.


Motorcycles were cool after all.


But I also wanted to get more chrome, and I would need to set aside thirty, maybe forty grand for a future plan.


Then I needed eddies for my engineering XP grind…


And I could do well with an even newer Cyberdeck…


I snorted. “I have so many things I have no idea!” I told my chooms earning laughs from Hiromi and Jun chuckled at me too. So that was nice. But Jun reached over and pinched me!


“Ow! Jerk!”


“Get some more chrome Motoko. You don’t have to take something from the chrome you klepped, but go get some upgrades. Promise me you’ll at least get some subdermal, Maybe a pain editor, and biomon as well. Just fit yourself out.”


“I… I’ll get the Subdermal.” I admitted and all my chooms cheered and Jun nodded pleased. I really didn’t need a pain editor. Cold Blood did an amazing job of that already, and a biomon seemed silly.


I didn’t need a damn health bar.


“Good, you should protect yourself. Is there anything else you’ve been thinking about?” He asked prodding me and I did have to nod. There was lots of stuff!


I really wanted a Sandy after all! And Optical Camo! Going invisible would be so preem! I wanted to be even sneakier! Maybe some Lynx paws of my own so I would be even quieter! I mean, sure I probably didn’t need that last one, but I could get some jumpy ankles…


Was it time to get some leg chrome? I had to consider as my mind actually remembered it was a thing.


Yeah. It might be.


I would have to talk to Vik about it. He would give me Dad level advice.


—--


I woke up the next morning in my actual bed. I had decided to take a full eight hours of sleep, just to reset myself.


It felt nice to wake up refreshed and feeling good. I guess in the end I couldn’t complain about what the future would hold.


I would just deal with it as it came, and keep preparing just in case it was dangerous.


So that was exactly what I was going to do.


I got up and headed out. Jun was already gone, he must have been tired when he drove into work this morning since he stayed up so late partying with Akari. Who was entertaining at a party while also incredibly annoying. So the usual.


The sky was falling like crazy and I noticed the streets were semi flooded.


I avoided the oncoming traffic as best I could due to all the puddles and the tendency of people in NC not to give a shit. So it took a bit longer than usual before I piled into my Quadra and headed out into the streets safe from the rain.


The streets slick with oil painting the entire road a rainbow as I drove through the traffic towards Viks.


I parked outside Misty’s Esoterica like always and rushed inside to get out of the rain, earning a laugh from Misty as she watched me pull my jacket from over my head.


“What? It’s rainy out there!”


“I know you gonk, usually people bring an umbrella when it’s raining.” She teased pointing out her own neon umbrella resting in the corner.


“Pshht! I don’t need it!” I said, although the fact I was still wiping water out of my hair had Misty giggling.


“Sure you don’t. Here to see Vik? I don’t see any bullet holes this time.” Misty offered and I grinned at her tone.


“Nope, just a visit. I was too busy doing guard duty to see him after he put in the order for all that chrome I picked up.”


“I heard about that. Vik mentioned it… You going to be okay Motoko? That was a lot of stuff you dropped off I hear. More than usual.”


“Yeah…” I muttered still wondering that myself. “I did a really big gig. I found out this rich playboy guy was working with Scavs. Holding onto their chrome in the hold of his yacht… So I klepped it. You know, thinking about it. The NCPD will have to put Piracy on my rap sheet… That’s pretty cool.” I muttered I would have to go check the NCPD sheet on me soon.


Misty just snorted at my muttering and pulled me into a hug which was nice.


“That must have been dangerous, but if you stole from Scavs. That’s a good thing.”


“Yeah… It’s big though. I’m worried about them retaliating. It’s one of the reasons I’m here to talk to Vik… I think it’s time for some new chrome. I’m ready for an upgrade.” I tell her and she just nods.


It wasn’t like people really had that much of an issue with chrome. So Misty probably just thought I was making a big deal with all the eddies I had now.


But this was me deciding to overcome my fear.


“Then you should go see him. Good to see you Motoko, come by more often okay?”


“I will! I’ll come hang out later we should get food or something!” I agreed, earning a smile as I headed through the shop down the stairs and into Vik’s lair.


“Motoko! Come in come in! You didn’t say you were going to stop by.” Vik called out as he turned down the sound of a boxing match playing on his small TV.


“Vik… I need some chrome.” I said as firm as I could and Vik noticed it. Slowly he nodded.


“You sure? No, I see that you are. Alright kid. Let’s get you chipped up. What do you need, let’s make sure I have what you need.”


“First? I need some Subdermal. The best we can get. I don’t want people putting any more holes in me if we can help it.” I told him and this time Vik frowned.


“A good choice, but I don’t have anything that high end in stock… I know a guy though, give me a sec.” He muttered as his eyes went gold and he leaned back into his chair.


Since he was obviously making a call I wandered over to the ripper chair and plopped in.


Just kicking my feet for a while as Vik tried to help me.


Good old Vik.


“I got something. A set of Militech-Armalite Ballistic Guard.”


“Armalite? Isn’t that a gun company?” I couldn’t help but ask. Armalite was a name I recognized. They made one of the most popular guns in the world.  The AR rifle platform. It was always weird when I came across a company that I remembered from my last life.


“Huh? Oh, they were about a century ago. Surprised you remember that.” Vik mentioned and I had to resist starting to whistle at my accidental reveal. “They make armor for Militech now. Their subdermal is top of the line. A lot of it flooded the market after the last war.”


I nodded made sense. I bet a lot of it that hit the market wasn’t brand new either. Plenty of old NUSA soldiers dying on the street only to have their chrome stripped.


It was kinda gross, but I trusted Vik.


“Well kid anything else you are looking to get?”


“Yeah.” I pulled up my leg by the ankle and pointed at my legs. “Know any good reinforced tendon cyberware? I need to up my mobility. Um but preferably something that isn’t going to make my ankles creak as I sneak around. So big jumps but still quiet.”


 


“Heh that’s an old wives tale, they will be just as silent as your own ankles. But that I can do. I’m guessing you aren’t looking for something cheap?”


“I want the best of the best Vik. I have the eddies. Better to go for quality for what I’m putting in me.”


“Well kid, now you're talking my language. Check that screen, let’s go through a list and see what we can scrounge up.” He said as he rolled over and I pulled down the screen on his ripper chair watching as the options changed until it showed a listing of all sorts of leg Cyberware.


Small updates, like the reinforced tendons, to nearly full chrome legs all listed out.


I shook my head at some of the many options. “Just the reinforced tendons. I don’t want to go crazy here Vik. Not yet anyways. Maybe someday I’ll get a matching set of limbs.” I joked.


“Alright kid, don't worry. We’ll find you the chrome you are looking for, In fact… Let me check my stock, I might just have a surprise that would be perfect!” He offered with a smile that I couldn’t help but return.


I was feeling a little nervous to add more metal into me, but not because I was afraid of psychosis or anything, but just because I wanted to make sure I was taking it slow and steady.


But getting shot so much would kill me a whole lot faster than a bit of mental zaniness.


Besides, I had found plenty of ways to get XP. If nothing else I could always go Daemon hunting.


—--


It took two hours for Vik to get his delivery of the Subdermal. Which I did look over in a sort of fascination.


The armor wasn’t a solid piece like cloth, or armored panels like I expected.


The subdermal instead was a sort of hexagonal mesh that could be put together like… Well Lego wasn’t quite right, but you could add and remove the hexagons to adjust it to the exact size you wanted.


In essence, it would be put together piece by piece beneath my skin turning into a bullet resistant mesh.


Vik made sure to keep mentioning it was bullet resistant, and not bulletproof despite what the marketing would tell me.


“Trust me Vik. I know the difference between bulletproof, and bullet resistant.” I assured him but he just gave me his dad look and continued setting up the blueprint of where the mesh would be implanted in on his screen.


The reinforced tendons were easier Something he had pulled out of storage covered in dust. Vik had talked up the chrome quite a bit and I did trust him but…


“They seem kinda sketchy.” I muttered as he put down the container for the implant on the table beside me.


“These are beyond solid kid. Professional sport quality Cyberware. The stuff they fit on Night City Heat… You have no idea what that is.” He said suddenly at my blank stare.


“I have no idea what that is.” I agree.


“Kids these days. It’s the Night City Professional Basketball team!”


“I don’t watch sports Vik.” I denied his excitement turning him into a grumpy old man complaining about kids not liking the right sports ball team.


“Regardless! The chrome used to be owned by a basketball player, a kid that grew up here in heywood actually. Dante, good kid, came by every once in a while for years. A few years back he came by to have me do the upgrade. He was worried his agency was setting him up to take a fall with a new set of chrome. After I checked his chrome, I swapped him up, and he said I could keep these as payment. Funny kid. Paid me afterwards anyways.” Vik chuckled but he gave me a strong look. “These things are high end sportsware. Chrome like this is in a lot of ways even better than the top of the line stuff you could find. It’s pricy, but since you don’t care about cost, trust me. This is the chrome you want.”


“Alright Vik. I trust you. I’m ready. Let’s get Chippin.”


Vik stilled and gave me a look


I returned a firm nod.


“Alright Kid. Lay back.” Vik said reassuring me with a hand on my shoulder as he gassed me up a bit and I was out.


—--


Militech-Armalite Ballistic Guard *Adaptation Ballistic Guard 0/2*

Serano Air-Groove Ankles *Adaptation Serano Air 0/1*


I was checking my status after Vik woke me up and had me sit up.


“You all there kid?” He asked and I nodded shooing away the screen.


“Yeah, just taking it in. Bit itchy, and my ankles feel kinda big, and wobbly.”


“That’s normal. Your skin is itchy because it’s healing. Once it’s done with that, you might feel some weird stretching. You are literally bigger on the inside now after all.” Vik said joking to try and keep me calm. “The tendons is a big replacement kid. I mean this is the first time you’ve ever gotten such a big change in chrome outside of the obvious. Take it slow.” He told me firmly, but I just nodded.


It wasn’t too bad though. I had chosen this, so I was pretty comfortable with a bit of weirdness for a little.


“Now normally I wouldn’t even let you walk for a while, but that’s professional chrome made for fast healing… And you already heal fast. So make sure you do some light exercise, starting in a few days!” He cut himself off poking my chest. “Before you do something crazy, you will feel like you are running weirdly at first, and you should practice outdoors in a place it won’t be too bad if you fall to get used to your new jumping ability. I’ve seen a lot of fools fall to their death because they tried to leap across something they shouldn’t.”


“Got it. Take it slow, get used to it, and wait a few days for everything to heal, or Vik will give me his disappointed dad face.” I joked and to my surprise Vik almost jolted at my words, before a slow deep chuckle escaped him.


“Yeah that’s right kid. I’ll give you the worst disappointed dad face of your life.” He said, smiling a little as he reached out and to my surprise…


And maybe secret delight, he fluffed my hair.


 


“Hey!” I pouted as required by all teenage girls when someone messes their hair but he just smirked at me.


“Now take a puff of this now. It’ll help keep the pain down, and help heal up the wounds. Yes Motoko I remember you heal fast, but take it anyways. Come by tomorrow or the day after at the latest. I’ll want to check you out after you sleep.”


“Thanks Vik.” I said seriously, reaching out and grabbing his wrist for a moment. “Really thanks.”


“Heh, anytime kid.”


—--


“Hey Misty.” I called out as I walked into her shop. I was very grateful no one had seen me walking up the stairs to Viks clinic. I hadn’t fallen, but the bounciness was going to take some getting used to. It was like wearing moon boots. My ankles also felt like they were made of rubber. It was fun, but in a weird sort of way.


They also hurt a bit, but between Cold Blood and Viks drugs I wasn’t exactly bothered.


Besides, I was heading home to sleep it all off.


“Motoko! You’ve been down there a while, get some new chrome?” Misty offered as she waved me over to a table she was sitting at.


“Yeah, new ankles, and some subdermal. I kinda want to stop getting shot at all the time.” I told her and she nodded at that trying not to look uncomfortable at me getting shot.


“Vik will have taken care of you though. Do you need anything?”


“No, I’m good. I’m just gonna head home to sleep it off, and then I’ll be right as rain.” I offered before noticing the way she looked a little down at that. “But I wouldn’t mind a few minutes to rest my feet. Whatcha looking at?” I asked as I took a seat across from Misty who looked up in delight as she started chattering about the article she was reading.


“Speaking of Motoko. You sure you don’t want a Tarot reading?” Misty asked already seeming to pull out the cards but I shook my head, reaching out to pause her hold.


“No thanks. I prefer to let the future be something I make… I don’t need to be told what’s going to happen. I’d rather get the fun of experiencing it directly.” I told her and for a moment Misty looked like she wanted to argue, probably tell me I was getting it wrong, but eventually she just smiled and put the cards away.


“That’s very wise of you Motoko. Living your life as it comes.”


“It’s not like that really. I’m just too much of a gonk, if you told me something bad was going to happen, I would end up freaking out and probably just make it all worse.” I laughed, it was doubly true since Misty definitely had some ability to tell the future.


Best just avoid it though.


“I think it says a lot about you though. It means you really have your own path set out for yourself. I like it.” She offered and I beamed a little at her compliment.


“Hungry?” Misty asked suddenly, and I couldn’t help but nod which had her beaming. Five minutes later we were both set up in comfy chairs with some very zen ambient music playing as the two of us devoured some takeout Misty had run out to get from a restaurant nearby.


It was nice. Cozy.
