# 156. Chapter 156

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/134808244*
*Published: 2024-01-24*

---

Rebecca


That was pretty much it. Right after the weird hand thing, which the gonk was smiling like crazy over, they all left the apartment and slipped into an array of vehicles down in the garage. Motoko even invited Rebecca to ride with her, which was nice, as she didn’t have a car. Just taking N-Cart to get there.


It was actually kind of surprising the array of vehicles the teenagers all had.


Malcolm rode around in a Badlands Thornton Colby. The truck was rough and tumble and armored to hell.


And Motoko drove around in a Quadra Type-66. Also a nomad variant. The thing was a beast, and Rebecca was more than a little interested in getting a ride.


The big truck Ichi drove was interesting, but sort of normal. Hiromi joined Ichi, while Motoko yelled at Jun to get into Malcolm's car instead of taking his Kusanagi.


She looked it over and nodded. Preem ride. She wouldn’t mind letting him drive her around on it sometime.


“Oh before we jump in.” Motoko said as she turned from the driver's door to the trunk and then opened it up.


“Whoa.”


“Do you want something with a bit more kick?” The girl asked, and Rebecca had a moment where she wondered what the fuck Maine had been doing all this time.


Maine didn’t have a Rocket Launcher.


“Wha-Is that a Rocket Launcher?”


“My Uragan? Yep! I picked it up off some Nomads. You'd be surprised how often shooting something with heavy ordinance makes things on a gig go smoother.” She offered and no Rebecca would not be surprised, because she now knew what she wanted in her life.


A Rocket Launcher.


It was the only thing that would make her complete. She reached for it, and Motoko’s chrome hands wrapped around her wrist.


“Sorry. Not this gig.”


“Fuuuck.” She cursed because… It was right there.


“Hey if you want one, I can put you in touch with my contact. Get some eddies together and buy one.” She offered as if getting a Rocket Launcher was just… That easy… Well Rebecca realized that it kinda was.


“So want something else? I got an Ajax over there. Or a Carnage around here somewhere, if you want one. I think I got some-”


“I’ll take the Ajax. Sure.” She agreed. She had shot one before, the recoil wouldn’t send her flying. Good enough.


Rebecca cursed herself a bit. She really needed the arm upgrades she had been planning. But Eddies had been tight, and Pilar had been a tightwad. Needing all the eddies for his projects and shit.


Even if Becca knew he was blowing most of it on frivolous shit. The dumbass.


She grabbed the Ajax out of the panel it had been inserted into, hefted it and checked it. Yep, already loaded.


“Here, a few extra mags.” Motoko offered, and Rebecca nodded, stuffing them clumsily into her pockets on her jacket.


“We’ll need to get you some rigging or something for next time.” Motoko said suddenly, before nodding and heading back to the car.


Rebecca though was a little surprised.


For next time? Rebecca wasn’t even sure if she wanted to work with the kids… But at the same time, it was kind of flattering to have Motoko already assume Rebecca wouldn’t embarrass herself today and want them all to kick her out… And now she was feeling under qualified while hanging around a bunch of teenagers.


“Fuuuuuck.” She took a deep breath and headed to the passenger door.


With Maine it always felt like she was just an add on from Pilar. Her brother's tech skills made him useful.


Rebecca though? Was the exact opposite of what Maine liked. Big, strong, brutal power.


Even Sasha represented what Maine liked in a netrunner. Massive powerful hacks. It was just how the big guy thought.


Rebecca was usually only given shit jobs. Overwatch, distraction, shit like that.


But Motoko had invited her right into the strike squad… Before she had walked into the apartment, she had thought the kids wanted another Solo a bit older than them to help out. To handle the dangerous bits, but seeing everything now?


No, it was Rebecca that was the amateur here. She took a breath and accepted that. Even as it pissed her off and embarrassed her, but that was just the truth.


She slipped into the Quadra’s passenger seat, and they all started driving out of the garage towards Arroyo.


Towards a massive Scav den. She could feel herself getting excited. She was ready for this.


“You want any grenades?” The question interrupted her thoughts and she looked over.


Was the kid wearing her seat belt? Why? That’s so weird.


“Uh… Yeah choom?” What kind of gonk said no to grenades?


“Preem. Got a box under your seat. Take whatever you like. Red Caps are frags, Blue are EMP. Probably don’t take any of those. Not sure how much of the equipment in the power plant is still active.”


Rebecca very carefully moved her feet and bent down. There under her seat was a box, and inside slotted into little indents to hold them was a bunch of grenades.


Okay sure.


She reached down and carefully grabbed two of the red caps, and after a moment stuffed them into a still empty pocket on her jacket.


She was going to need to get some actual rig if this is how Motoko rolled.


It was kind of embarrassing to pass on her style, but… Well… having spots to hold grenades did sound pretty nova.


Cause grenades.


“This is going to be so fun!” The girl chirped, happily smiling while her eyes were locked on the road.


For someone with such a high end car…


She kinda drove like some ancient old lady. Weird.


The ride over was pretty quiet. Motoko chattered a bit here and there, mostly about odd topics. What kind of weapons she liked, did she mod her own stuff. What sort of chrome she wanted to get.


Rebecca spent most of the ride mentally preparing herself for the battle to come and didn’t really give good answers.


Then they were there.


Everyone was already there except for Ichi in the truck. He had split off from the group to go get his toy Minotaur. Which Rebecca was still jealous that they had. She wouldn’t mind piloting a Minotaur.


They parked on the side of the road a block down from their target and the kid sat back, eyes closed. “What’s up?” Rebecca asked and the kid smiled.


“I set up some cameras last time I was here. I’m accessing them and slipping into the Scavs network again. Just to make sure nothing has changed or they found us out.”


“Did they?”


 


“No.” She said while smiling. A smile that was much more bloodthirsty than the girl had shown up until now. “I’ll be pinging their system once we move in. Watch the golden lines, it’ll tell you where they are hiding. I’ll send some hacks through as well right after.”


“Preem. Gonna nuke them or something?”


“Huh? Oh you work with Sasha, right I forgot.” Motoko said, starting amused and then going quiet. “I hope she’s okay. But no. I don’t really use offensive hacks much. I prefer CC. Wipe their eyes. Disarm their guns. Makes shooting them a lot easier.”


“Well shit, that’s what I like to hear.” Rebecca agreed, not having Sasha kill steal everything would be kinda nice. Not that Rebecca had really gotten a chance to do much killing with Maines team.


They still treated her like a kid. She was eighteen! Sure she looked more like she was fourteen, but that’s just how she was. Scopshit. It’s fine. She’ll get some chrome and then Maine will stop babying her. The man always was quick to accept chrome as a solution to any problem.


They waited for a while. Motoko mentioned a few things off hand from time to time.


“Three are outside, but they move around. Two of them are moving boxes outside to a truck. Don’t worry they aren’t moving very fast. The truck won’t be ready to leave before we hit them.”


And Rebecca just listened. Unused to the chatter, but used to a Netrunner overwatching. In fact the constant updates was kinda nice. Sasha was usually more quiet, or just teasing as she worked.


Finally a familiar big truck pulled up behind them all. Ichi had arrived.


Motoko nodded, having noticed them despite focusing on the cameras.


“Okay the gates are both unlocked. Let’s get the channel started.” Then a moment later Rebecca got a call.


*Here.* Rebecca said as soon as the call connected, and Motoko nodded.


*I’m in.* Hiromi responded.


*Me too.* Jun was in.


*Locked and loaded!* Malcolm.


*Just say the word, I want to give this thing a test drive.* Ichi.


*Alright everyone. Gates are unlocked. Jun, Malcolm follow me. Ichi, once the shooting starts that’s your cue!* And then the car rumbled pulling away from the curb and driving down the street past the power plant, and around so they could get into the alley behind it leading around to the second gate.


Rebecca was ready. Ajax held in her lap.


“When you pull in, just give me an angle, I’ll drive by.” She told the kid verbally so as not to disturb everyone.


“Preem! The car is armored so that’s actually a great idea!” Motoko said happily, and Rebecca sort of huffed.


She wasn’t complete ganic. She could take a round from some scav 9… Mostly.


*Okay. I’m going.*


And then The Quadra roared, shifting from a quiet driver to someone that happily pushed the pedal to the metal the Quadra roared, and the gate ahead of them was already opening.


Netrunners were preem like that. The Quadra suddenly shifted and Rebecca yelped, kicking out with her legs to hold her against the dashboard and grabbing the center console to hold her steady as it started drifting sideways.


A moment later the car stopped and she realized the kid had actually set her up perfectly with the passenger door facing the insides of the power plant entry lot.


Rebecca righted herself and pushed the Ajax out the now open door.


They weren’t ready. Already lines filled her vision showing where all the Scavs were at.


That… That was useful. Sasha didn’t usually ping for the team like that.


Then all hell broke loose as Rebecca opened fire.


Above them some scav hiding in a burned out building across from the plant itself started firing.


Across the way Ichi’s truck finished backing in, and suddenly the rear door opened. Revealing A Minotaur that stepped out and slammed into the dirt lot.


The noise was already attracting attention. The front of the plant opened up, and Scavs popped out, hiding behind whatever cover they could find and firing. And Rebecca could see the lines of light shifting as more Scavs were coming.


Then they started screaming, not because of the Minotaur, but because suddenly they were stumbling around, dropping behind whatever cover they could find.


*I plucked their eyes. Go.* And the rest arrived. Jun was suddenly leaping over the Quadra barely wearing the armored plate vest that Motoko had given him, but indeed wearing it even if she was pretty sure he hadn’t bothered to actually zip it up.


He reached the first Scav hiding behind some concrete and just ripped the fucker apart. Grabbing an arm and a leg and just pulling.


Fuck. She had seen Maine do something like that, the big fuck, but he had been bitched out by Dorio for it.


A little too Cyberpsycho.


Rebecca thought it was pretty nova though.


Then a scream echoed out and a Scav slammed into the ground, twitched and went still. Rebecca peaked up and out and nearly flinched. She looked behind her and noticed that Motoko was gone.


She hadn’t heard the girl even leave the car.


Now she was two floors above her, having just thrown a Scav off a building and was overwatching with that Copperhead, silent rounds firing constantly as she started shooting at scavs from behind their cover.


That… That was nova. Rebecca focused up and started firing as well. Popping a Scav inside the plant, and then focusing on another firing into his cover as he trembled and couldn’t move to save himself.


Malcolm ended up taking that kill, a smart round shot close to her, and then sped around the cover slamming into the body.


She looked and Malcolm was using the front of the Quadra as cover and firing his very preem Shingen. Damn, that was a quality piece.


The sudden loud roar of HMG’s filled the lot as the Minotaur stepped into play. Simply moving slowly step by step towards the entrance of the plant, and firing at anything that moved.


A surge above her and she gasped.


Motoko had just leapt off the building, traveling all the way across the lot, to land behind the Minotaur and then she popped up from a roll and landed on its back. Her Copperhead aimed past it, as she held onto its ass and started firing.


*Motoko! You are unbalancing me!* Ichi’s voice called out with some staring through the channel.


*Be a good weapons platform and just stay still.* She retorted back without a hint of stress in her mental voice as she just fired into the dark power plant.


Rebecca decided that she had the right idea. She leapt out of the Quadra, rushing up to the side of the power plant and posting up on the outside quickly seeing some gonk on the second floor catwalk and shooting him full of holes.


This! This was it! This was what Rebecca fucking lived for.


“HAHAHAHA! GET FUCKED!” She roared out in delight as she opened up with her assault rifle.


—---


I felt my own smile stretch across my face in time with Rebecca finally losing her shit and going full berserk.


This assault was going incredibly well. The Scavs that were checking the cameras right now wondering what the fuck was happening must be shitting their pants.


I almost wondered what they were thinking was happening? Did anyone expect a response like Section 9?


I dropped a mag and reloaded which was difficult while staying on the back of the Minotaur, *Jun! Up front, we are moving in. Malcolm move it!* I demanded over the line, as I jumped off the Minotaur and landed behind Jun. To his surprise I posted up behind him. Hand on his back letting him know where I was, as I basically used him as cover.


The gonk wanted to be the big target, then that’s what he would be.


*Here.* Malcolm confirmed posting up behind me and I nodded.


*Rebecca! We are moving in. Ichi hold the lot down. Hiromi keep an eye on Ichi and run if you have to. No risks. Let’s move.* I said as I pushed Jun forward which he audibly grumbled at, but then we moved. Jun leading the way into the Power Plant, and the three Solo’s backing him up.


The fact I had disabled the Scav’s weapons was doing a lot to ensure our charge was uninterrupted.


While Jun slammed into a guy on the ground floor. The three of us twisted around. Firing into the scaffolding, or in Malcolms case firing and then having the Smart rounds twist around and land on top of the hiding Scavs.


We slaughtered them. Moving constantly, in a barrage of bullets. Ping meaning even amateurs like us could act like a unified team. Rebeccca quickly matched our pace despite having to move a bit more with her shorter legs, but she was keeping up perfectly, twisting and firing, as she followed the flashes of light from a fresh Ping.


Of course as easy as it was to slaughter these fucks there were problems.


Teething issues.


Malcolm tripped, nearly knocking me off my feet, and forcing me to struggle and lift him back up. Rebecca got a little trigger happy and nearly shot Jun, who was rushing around.


Jun was running off on his own, and not staying together so we could support him, ending up with him getting stabbed by a very very brave but stupid scav that managed to surprise him.


Yet we kept moving. Malcolm slowed his twisting pace, and kept his feet better after his fuckup.


Rebecca stopped to aim before firing, ensuring no friendly fire. And Jun grumbled and mostly ignored the fact he got stabbed and just kept doing what he was doing…


The after action report would be filled with me kicking him in the head to get it through his denseness. But that’s fine.


We moved on. Having cleared the entrance to the plant, we ended up not immediately hitting the downstairs. Instead we broke through a door in the rear of the factory  where a clump of scavs had been hiding behind to enter into a sort of warehouse and main plant.


I actually almost stopped as I entered, because this whole section of the power plant didn’t exist in the game. It was just one of those doors that was door shaped, but was actually a wall.


But inside was a storage area. Obviously the stuff too heavy to take down into the underground. Boxes of what I instantly registered as loot, but that wasn’t all, tables next to chemical equipment…


A drug lab?


I shrugged it off and opened fire along with everyone besides Jun who was going full Oni mode and either cutting people down with his Katana that he had drawn, or just battering Scavs into paste.


Both were pretty effective honestly.


“Motoko?” Malcolm called out, but I shook my head immediately.


“Ignore it! This side is clear we move down now!” I called out even if Malcolm was looking shocked at everything we had found.


Scav business, XBD business, and a drug lab? These scavs sured liked to dip their toes into everything.


Whatever was going on here, was something for later.


We turned after clearing out the area that the Scavs were using and instead rushed towards the undergroundstairs. This time Jun was slower and I was in the lead. I noticed two lines shifting as I got close to the stairs, two gonks, very close, probably hiding in a corner.


So I popped a grenade off my rig.


*Hold! Frag out* I called out over the line, and Jun actually stopped for once. I popped the pin and chucked it down the stairs hard enough it would bounce down and into the bottom of the steps.


A few seconds later the noise buffeted us and I almost giggled as the lights leading to the two winked out.


*Let’s go!* I called out and Jun raced ahead which I realized was him being protective again. I rolled my eyes and moved, sticking together with Malcolm with Rebecca following us. *Good job Malcolm, Rebecca!*


*Course!*


*Easy shit.* Rebecca agreed, sounding almost calm, but when I turned to look her face was locked into a full on rictus grin.


Heh. We moved on, Jun rushing again again like a dummy. We walked through a no entry door and then past the hallway that led to the elevator, but while I could hack the thing, it would take time, and it wasn’t like they were going anywhere. Not with the Minotaur already moving into the Plant to watch the stairs.


Then we moved through a trash area, covered in old clothes and garbage. Every piece of clothing told the story of another death at the hands of these Scavs.


But Jun didn’t care, he moved right through opening doors and rushing through, and so we followed. The next area was a ripper room. The plastic sheeting scavs were so proud of, along with three beams of light leading to Scavs.


Jun of course followed straight towards them, but instantly they opened fire. My hack didn’t work? I slammed another Optic Reboot at them, But felt the hands of another runner. Someone was plugged into the network, fighting me off.


Jun hadn’t stopped at the gun fire, just charging through it and slamming into a ripper chair knocking it over and onto a Scav firing at him. He screamed as it pinned him to the ground and then the screaming stopped as Jun slammed a boot down onto him. Malcolm and I focused on the others. Far more accurate fire than the Scavs were putting out thanks to the Ping meant they were scattering for cover but that didn’t save them from Malcolm.


*They have a netrunner! My hacks won’t be as effective. Destroy any cameras as soon as you see them.* I called out, doing just that as I swung around and fired a round into a camera that was watching the ripper room.


*Got it!* Rebecca confirmed, while Malcolm just nodded.


*Jun? You alright?*


*Just some scratches.* He actually said standing up and showing it was a bit more than that. He was definitely bleeding a bit.


*You are on the backline now, pick up a gun. No more rushing forward or I’ll leave you blind and go on without you.* I said completely calm, cool keeping me from absolutely ranting at him for being an idiot.


He looked like he was going to argue, but I didn’t give him a chance. I popped my Carnage off my back and tossed it at him.


There see? It was totally worth bringing it along.


I reloaded again and nodded as Malcolm did the same and then we moved on to the next room.
