# 176. Chapter 176

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/139796425*
*Published: 2024-04-11*

---

I can’t believe this was happening.


“The Caliburn is the best!” Malcolm argued with this random gonk at the diner pointing at him with a french fry like he was going to stab him,


“Bull shit. It’s overpriced, over hyped garbage. Also it’s digital acceleration is fucking broken!”


“The fuck it is! It drives perfectly!”


“It’s complete dogshit, and you would know if you weren’t some gonk fuck street kid Rayfield fuckboy that has never been in a Caliburn.”


“Bitch I own one!” Malcolm roared standing up and I just put my head in my hands.


I just wanted lunch. I was even paying. So why couldn’t Malcolm just leave the stupid looking guy at the diners bar talking shit about the Rayfield commercial alone?


“What is your last name Arasaka or something? Bullshit lying little punk!”


“Oh I’ll fucking prove it choom, I’ll have you apologize and grovel to the best car in Night City when it arrives!” He called out, I could already see his eyes having flashed to call his Caliburn here.


Dammit Malcolm, I didn’t want to stay here all afternoon. I had…


Okay I didn’t have anything else to do, it’s not like I had a normal job, but the point stands!


In the end I just flopped my head onto the table as I waited for the car to show up, and did my best to ignore the fact that Malcolm and this random gonk would not stop fucking arguing about it.


Gearheads are the most obtuse of all super fans I decided.


Besides everyone knows the Quadra was the best.


The arguing continued and I was sure both of these idiots would have been thrown out if we weren’t the only people in the diner at the moment.


Then about twenty minutes later Malcolms Rayfield pulled into the lot.


“What the fuck.” The guy said as he had been looking out the window behind Malcolm and saw it arrive.


“Hah! Get ready to weep choom, because I do own a Caliburn!” Malcolm crowed out his Victory as he sauntered out the door and walked up to the car. The door opened at his approach.


“No fucking way.”


“Way.” I answered as I rose up and threw some eddies at the owner for the food. I walked out and Malcolm was leaning up against the car with a cocky grin staring at the windows of the diner.


“Malcolm, your ego is showing.” I muttered as I walked past him to my Quadra. Right next to the rather modded out Quadra Sport R-7.


I had a feeling I knew the other guy's choice in vehicles.


“Alright choom. Alright. You win on this one. You’re daddy certainly has a lot of eddies.” The other guy calls out, and that just sets Malcolm off.


“Fuck you! This is my car you gonk bitch!”


“Yeah, I doubt it kid. How about we prove it. A nice little race, my R-7 and your Rayfield, you know how to drive that thing don’t you?”


“Course I do!” Malcolm said knowing damn well that he didn’t. I sighed as the two boys got into an argument that led to me sitting in the Rayfield next to Malcolm as he squeezed the steering wheel tightly. The R-7 was beside us, engine rumbling as we waited for the light to change.


“I turned on launch control. I’m gonna blow this gonk fucker away.” Malcolm muttered and I hummed a bit.


I had a feeling Malcolm was about to get left in the dust.


“Just don’t risk your car for a race that doesn’t matter.”


“It’ll be fine Motoko! Just trust me!”


I very specifically tugged on the seatbelt reminding him I was wearing it.


“Fuck off.” He grumbled, but then he focused up.


The lights were changing, The R-7 rumbled its engine and I instantly knew what was about to happen.


The Rayfield’s launch control relied on the engine being idle before it activated.


Instantly Malcolm, rumbled his engine back, The Turbo charged V10 of the Caliburn roared up, and the launch control activated trying to launch the car at the same time as the brake was held down, then the light changed. The R-7 was gone, burning rubber off the street line, as Malcolms Caliburn sputtered forward and nearly stalled out, before he managed to adjust it and take off.


“No no no no!” He howled as he roared after, but the R-7 was modded and it was obvious that Malcolm wouldn’t catch up before they hit the next light.


“That… Was both very smart, and an asshole move.” I mentioned as I considered how much car knowledge it took to do that kind of shit.


“I don’t want to hear it!” Malcolm snapped as he continued trying to catch up, but by the time we got anywhere near the R-7 it was already slowing down after the next light and pulling over. Then Malcolm pulled in behind the R-7, and jumped out


“What the fuck!” He yelled at the guy that was also, stepping out, with a cocky grin.


“What? You got smoked kid. Better learn to use Daddys car before trying to race it.”


“You fucking asshole!”


“Hey Malcolm, chill.” I demanded as I hurried around the car and grabbed him. Malcolm was seething, looking like he was going to throw fists over this.


“Hey brats. Watch yourself, or else.” The man demanded and I stilled.


Turning around I saw the man holding a gun in his hand having drawn it.


The Nova he was using to intimidate a couple of brat kids. Okay. At this point in time the guy had passed over the realm of acceptable conduct.


He forced Malcolm into a race, tricked him, and then when Malcolm was pissed pulled a gun despite Malcolm not being anywhere near him.


It took half a second to turn his gun into a nice paperweight as my eyes flashed into hacking the damn thing, and then I pushed Malcolm back and stalked forward.


“What? You some crazy bitch? Don’t think I-Hey!” He yelped as I continued to approach, he aimed the gun at my center mass and pulled the trigger without hesitation.


Which is right when I grabbed his outstretched wrist, twisted, pulled, unbalanced him and launched my other fist right into his face.


Ignoring the scream from inside of his date I enjoyed the moment as he crashed into the asphalt.


“Fuck you asshole.” I said simply as I turned back to Malcolm. Malcolm who looked a little conflicted.


“I really wanted to do that.”


“Eh, you shouldn’t have tried to  punch him for tricking you. That was a dick move, but acceptable. Live and learn. But some gonk pulling a gun is a different story. C’mon let’s get out of here.”


Malcolm didn’t move at first. The guy cursed and thrashed as he rose back to his feet, blood pouring down his nose, but eventually Malcolm scoffed and smirked and walked back to the Caliburn.


Then we were off.


“Satisfied?” I asked as he floored it past the R-7 and the fucker.


“No. Not at all actually. I… I got tricked like a fucking gonk, and it’s my fault.”


“Mistakes happen.” I said as comfortingly as I could.


“I just… I feel like a fucking gonk. I should have known better.”


“Experience is important… Why don’t you start racing and stuff. Practice it I mean?” I remembered there were races all over the place.


Didn’t I get invited to a race once? I vaguely recall it happening.


“Maybe I will! Thanks Motoko. For… You know, backing me up.”


“No problem.”


—--


It was kinda weird, but I felt a bit bored.


I had spent some more time once I got home fixing up the Tachikoma AI some more. It was growing as well as it could, but honestly I was just bored.


I considered calling up Wakako for a gig, but the idea struck me as I was looking out the window and I made a decision.


Getting dressed, arming up I headed out grabbing a bit of my secondary kit. I dragged my armor kit with me to the car but didn’t put it on yet.


Then after a quick drive across the city, I walked down the steps into the Afterlife. The pounding music, the Edgerunners all working and planning and plotting. I smiled and ended up settling at the bar.


Then I just waited for a while. Idly I continued to do some more programming work, just some leftover stuff from Yoko as I waited for time to pass.


I was sucking a soda through a straw the bartender had given me when it happened. The whole room went electric, everyone looked up from what they were doing.


Rogue arrived. Just like last time she strode through the bar like she was Queen and the rest of us mere mortals. Groups of edgerunners hurried after her, looking for work, and then either rushed back to their little teams, or started calling out for additional skills.


Then a call came out and I knew I had to accept.


“I need an infiltrator!” The call went out and I turned to look.


Black man, punk style, big trench coat. I nodded. Rising up I decided to avoid all the difficulty with my age.


A slight adjustment, and when I spoke a much more mature, sexier voice came out.


“I can cover that.” I called and his eyes turned to me. They instantly glowed as he scanned, but for some reason despite my age, he didn’t hesitate to nod at me. “Names Bishop. Give me a minute.”


Then he turned right around to talk to Rogue. Two minutes later he came out and jerked his head to follow.


I sauntered after, towards the side room right near the entrance. The tables were mostly empty as it was still midday, but a group of edgerunners were already gathered up.


They looked me over at the same time I looked them all over.


They were an eclectic group.


One guy was in a business suit. He reminded me of Hiromi’s dad. Only this guy was armed considering the bulge in his jacket. Also his arms were definitely Mantis Blades. He looked up as Bishop walked over and then looked at me.


Instantly his eyes flashed, and I could tell he was scanning me.


I looked away and at the rest of the group. If he wanted to scan before introductions that was fine.


The next woman was… wild.


A tattered T-shirt showed her bra at multiple points. The image of shark teeth on the front of the shirt looked unique. Maybe something she had made herself? Her jacket was a pretty standard Street Samurai coat, the sort of thing game V always wore, but the big case next to her was definitely her weapon.


The last was another guy. TC? He reminded me of it. Even had a Katana at his hip. His hair reminded me of Juns, only it wasn’t fire, and instead some electronic effect. He gave me a once over and didn’t say anything, nor did he give off any emotion. Simply observing.


“Alright. This is Motoko. She’s an infiltrator. Rogue approved so she’s on the team for the gig. Introduce yourself.” Bishop seemed to order as he looked over the grouping.


“Samuel Perry.” The corpo introduced himself, and then he looked to Bishop. “Are you sure? She’s young.”


“She’s also here.” Bishop waved a hand as if it didn’t matter. “Rogue vouches for her. That’s that.”


“Very well. I’m the one that handles diplomacy and my former employment with Militech left me with plenty of contacts.” He introduced himself with a casual air, but his eyes were sharp, always staring at me.


“Call me Mira. I’m the sharpshooter.” She said, all teeth, which I then noticed were shark teeth.


Bit on the nose, but okay.


“Hakase.” The Street Samurai introduced but then an echoing void came up after. Luckily Bishop spoke up.


“He doesn’t talk much, but he’s damn good with that blade.”


“I can tell.” I answered, giving the man a look over. “I’m Motoko. I’m an infiltrator, but I’m also a solo, and Netrunner. I look forward to working with you.”


“Jeeze, where did you find this kid?” Mira called out but I wasn’t really bothered. It’s hard to be insulted by someone you don’t know, and don’t care what their opinion of you is.


“Right, let’s get down to it. Two days ago a Kang Tao scientist jumped ship. He is trying to sell some info for protection to the corps, obviously Kang Tao isn’t letting this go, but that isn’t our concern. Rogue wants the guy gathered up, the info is Rogues to sell as far as she’s concerned.” Bishop spoke with a confident cadence, and his crew all nodded in understanding.


No confusion, no hesitation. They had worked together for a long time then.


“The problem comes in the pick up. The guy is hiding out in a high end apartment building here in City Central. Normally not an issue, but our target wasn't entirely stupid. He hired some animals for protection.”


Bishop handed over a shard, first to Samuel, the corp who plugged it in looked it over for a few minutes and nodded, frowning a bit. Then to Mira who barely glanced at the shard before tossing it to Hakase.


He looked it over for a while before handing it to me.


Inside I understood. It was details about the building, the target, and some information about the animals protecting him, and why this was a problem.


Squad of twenty animals had locked down the top floor of this apartment building. From a tiny clip of camera footage that was on it, it showed the animals carrying LMG’s checking the elevator every time it stopped on that floor.


The place was locked down, and  somehow we had to extract the guy in charge.


“So can you get to the security system? We’ll need a distraction while we get up in the elevator.” Bishop asked and I nodded idly as I looked through things.


“You plan on going in guns blazing?” I asked, and the team nodded confidently. “Then I can definitely get you onto the top floor, can probably blind and disable the elevator guards as well remotely.”


“You weren’t kidding about being a netrunner huh?” Mira asked, and I shook my head.


“No, I’m pretty good. Not elite tier, but good. Only issue is if the security is protected by a netrunner as well. I don’t see any information if the Animals brought one, or if the hotel has one on site.”


“We don’t know, so we go in with a blank spot. Will that stop you from infiltrating and getting us up there?”


 


“No.” I answered back. I could do that even if there was a security runner, but something caught my eye.


“Hang on. Why don’t we skip the elevator entirely.”


“I’m not walking up twenty stories.” Mira denied instantly and I smiled as I shook my head.


“Not what I mean. North east side of the building, there’s some heating units sticking out, should be an easy climb up to the top floor. Quieter than using the elevator.”


“Let me see.” Bishop called, and I popped out the shard and handed it back over. He slotted it and started examining the data, going over it much longer than the first time.


Then slowly he nodded.


“Could work. Would leave the initial arrival a lot less dicey.”


“Aww I like Dicey.” Mira mocked, and then Samuel was handed the shard to look as Bishop popped it out.


“Doable I suppose. Doesn’t really change much. We still need the security opened so we can use the elevator.”


“The elevator, is a E6-551. It’s got a backdoor by default. I’ll be able to unlock the elevator even without touching security. Although I’ll still need to infiltrate, unless you want NCPD arriving at the sound of gunfire.”


“We don’t.” Bishop confirmed.


“Then I’ll head in and shut down the silent alarms as planned, get you elevator access. Might be able to join you if you like?” I offered, but Bishop shook his head.


“Better to stay with the security and pull netrunner shit from there.”


I considered arguing, but shrugged. “Sure.” Bishop’s group was his group, and I was intruding. Better not to push it.


With that settled the group started moving.
