# 192. Chapter 192

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/144506200*
*Published: 2024-06-22*

---

**Author's Note:**

> ​A/N UH OH! Not authors notes again!


Alright. So, bit of a real talk. I've been struggling more and more with GitC. (Don't worry! This isn't a cancellation notice.) But the fact is it takes a lot of energy per chapter. I can usually grind through 3 pages a day for it, Which isn't a lot per day, but kept me pushing out a 10ish page chapter every three days. But with everything that's happened this year my backlog is dwindling and there are times I have low energy towards the story and write even less. And sometimes where I write way more.


 


Right now, I'm struggling with it. Balancing the story lines is complicated.


 


So TLDR I'm going to be changing the post rate slightly. Instead of every 3 days, I'm going to push it to every 4 days and see how that works. I'm hoping that having an extra day in there can help me start building the backlog back up, and if I get back to my minimum backlog. (Which I'm way under right now.) I can maybe go back to every 3 days.


 


So next chapter will, instead of being the 25th. Will be the 26th, then the 30th. Hopefully I'll hit some fun scene and write a whole bunch for it soon, but right now I'm struggling a lot with Motoko's journey.

---

“I can’t believe this jackass was trying to hide under our nose.” Malcolm grumbled. I had been gone long enough for him to catch up, as we gathered  in the netrunner cave.


“Tell me about it.” I hissed. Yuto had been hiding in the same apartment complex that Jun and I had used to live in. Right in the middle of Japantown!


Yuto was lucky that he hadn’t actually bought our old apartment. If he had I would have taken that a bit personally…


It made me think back to our old home. I still kinda missed it, but… I did like all the extra room in the new apartment, and the nicer building.


Dangit. I could never let Jun know that I agreed with his decision about the new apartment now.


We were moving in to take him out. Yuto and Roger were both hiding out inside from what I could gather, so it made things complicated.


Would killing Roger cause issues with 6th St?


Would disabling him even be possible, the guy was mid way up in 6th St. he could be borged out, or just a guy with some army training. So we set up the plan. Ichi and Malcolm would stay at the bottom floor in full rig while I went up to the second floor to find these assholes.


I had my quick hacks ready, but I wasn’t going to hesitate to fire as well. I’d rather they both be dead and have this issue solved with some Tyger-6th St. issues, then let it continue on.


I parked my Quadra while Ichi’s van parked behind me and all three of us jumped out with Hiromi staying in the Quadra as overwatch for the boys.


Then we charged in. Just as planned Ichi and Malcolm both took the entrance, one facing out, and one facing inward. While I rushed the stairs.


The security remembered its master, and opened without hesitation as I rushed up to the second floor on silent footsteps. Rushing to the room at the end of the hall, I posted up.


There was a security pad, but this apartment's entire security system had been under my thumb for a long time. I prepared and the door popped open as I charged in rifle raised.


Empty?


I quickly checked the bedrooms, and even rolled into the kitchen to sweep the bathroom.


Empty!?


I rushed back to the main room and looked around. This apartment was empty. Not lived in…. Something was wrong. The address for the access had been here.


I looked over at the entertainment system and scanned it. Nothing, but no. There was something.


The cable line that ran to the wall! I scanned it and followed it along and instantly noticed it was running into a black box before splitting off… Someone stole cable from this apartment in the past, rerouting everything through. This was old work. So likely Yuto wouldn’t have even… The next door apartment!


I heard a crash and instantly Hiromi spoke up.


*I see him! He just jumped out of the second floor window!*


I heard gun fire and cursed as I rushed to the other apartment down the hall, it opened just as quickly. I rushed to the open window and jumped out. A second floor drop was nothing, and as I fellI caught sight of him across the street.


Yuto leapt into a beat up car, parked down the street. One that I hadn’t registered as anything unusual and started driving away.


I hit the floor with an easy landing.


*Hiromi!*


 


I called out, but she was already on it. The Quadra roared to life, and the passenger door opened as she spun the wheels to let me enter. I jumped in, and we were off.


I glanced back at the boys and Ichi and Malcolm were rushing for his truck.


*Try to catch up!* I called to them and heard their acceptance as we were off.


I focused on Archer Quartz that Yuto had leapt in that was tearing up the road ahead of us.


My Quadra was faster, but I also wasn’t driving. I threw on the seatbelt and leaned out the still open door bracing my Copperhead on the edge of the car.


Unfortunately I couldn’t get a shot. Hiromi was playing catch up, and the heavy traffic meant I was being careful with my aim.


When Yuto hit the first red light, he just drove up onto the sidewalk to avoid the traffic, scaring off pedestrians, and I winced as one person got clipped.


“Careful!” I called out to Hiromi as she went to chase him.


Ahead Yuto floored into the street and cut off another car, the Galena spun out to avoid him, and Hiromi slowed to avoid it, giving Yuto another lead.


I lined up a few times and fired a few bursts into the back window, but it cracked across the armored rear glass, and caused Yuto to drive even crazier.


The Quartz he was in was definitely modded. Probably Rogers.


I growled as the asshole literally just turned off the road and drove straight through a strip mall.


“Don’t follow him!” I yelped as Hiromi made to follow, but eventually decided not to, instead staying mostly on the road as she gave chase.


I kept my rifle pointed, but between the pedestrians stalls, and the chairs and tables sent flying as he rammed them I couldn’t get a clear shot.


“Try to stay on him!”


“I am!” Hiromi snapped back and I nodded, as I watched his Quartz hit a set of stairs a bit roughly, but managed to drive up and then skid back onto the road.


I glared at the red that stained the front of his car. He hadn’t cared about not hitting people.


Then he took off, and despite our efforts, he was getting a strong lead as we were stuck weaving through traffic.


Slowly though we started catching up. Yuto faced the same traffic and crowded streets that we did, meant that we were able to make use of the paths he created through the sidewalk or through muscling against cars pushing them out of the way.


I brought up the Copperhead and aimed.


We had a straight away, and ahead Yuto had to slow to push a Galena out of the way.


I fired, then again, and the passenger windshield cracked but held.


It also startled Yuto into accelerating and just bulldozing his past a few cars.


It wasn’t exactly doing well for his car though. And I could see sparks underneath as something was hanging down and scraping now.


But I felt my eyes narrow as I realized where we were going.


Arroyo.


“He’s making a break for 6th St. Territory.” I told Hiromi, who cursed.


“They might interfere if he gets there!”


“Then let’s not let him.” I took aim again and breathed in and out. I pulled the trigger and his back window gained another spider crack.


Just had to keep it up.


Every time I got a shot I took it. Even if it wasn’t a good one. I just needed enough to stop Yuto one way or another.


He started taking more and more risks, and his Quartz suffered from it. His front wheel started rocking badly after he slammed into a concrete barrier trying to push through a traffic block.


The Quartz started losing a lot of oil or gas out the back when he hit a curb and he nearly lost control as the Quartz bounced around.


The Quadra handled it all better even if it was a bigger car, and so it took us time to get through the same spaces he had punched through.


The game of cat and mouse continued with the shots of my Copperhead weakening the armored glass more and more.


Finally Yuto made it out of Japantown and across the bridge to Arroyo, and we chased after him. The roar of the Quadra catching us up much faster than Yuto’s damaged Quartz Archer.


Finally we got close enough and a straight enough path.


I flipped the selector and braced and opened up. The Copperhead roared as round after round smashed into the back of the Quartz.


More and more until finally the rear windshield broke, it simply couldn’t take any more and Yuto jerked as rounds started firing into the cabin and into the front windshield and hopefully into him.


I reloaded but he spun the wheel and took a turn much faster than he should have.


He slammed into a wall protecting an industrial park, and Hiromi slowed to keep from crashing and then we were there.


It was time.


The Quadra slowed to a stop. I kept the Copperhead up as I started walking over to the seemingly disabled car.


But before I could get there. Cars rumbled down the road and I glared.


6th Street was here.


The trucks had men hanging off the side assault rifles ready and I glanced around realizing what the situation was.


Hiromi was here, and while I was kitted up. This was a major move from 6th Street.


I’d have to take this carefully.


The trucks rumbled to a stop before I could get to Yuto and suddenly I was surrounded. But no one had started firing yet.


“Howdy.” One of them called out as they walked over and I took in his cocky confident stride and Overture on his hip.


A cowboy.


Great.


I tilted my copperhead a bit making sure to show that it wasn’t pointed at the guys.


“Can I help you?” I asked loudly, even as the soldiers turned gangsters approached.


“Sure, head on out and lose yourself in someone else's turf.” The Cowboy offered as he settled into an arrogant stance, his thumbs dug into his belt.


“I’ll be happy to leave… Once this one is taken care of.” I offered, but from the ways the men continued to approach me, I knew that wasn’t the plan they had in mind.


“‘Fraid that ain’t happening. This is 6th Street turf, if we had random Tyger Claw fuckers showing up and just let them cause trouble it wouldn’t be our turf for long.”


“I’m not Tyger Claw. I’m a merc. Just doin’ a gig. I don’t think we have any business unless he’s one of yours.” I pointed and Yuto was struggling to climb out of the Archer Quartz he had absolutely mulched.


“Maybe we do.”


“You sure?” I asked pointedly. “Because that gonk’s been trying to assassinate a higher up in the Tygers over the last couple weeks. I was told 6th Street had nothing to do with it when I took the gig to hunt him down. It’d be really strange if that wasn’t the case.” I said coolly, even as I had started working, I needed to disable as many of the weapons pointed at me as I could. Just in case.


“Well you heard right. But I still stand by what I said. We don’t let other punks show up and murder gonks in our territory.” I noticed two of the soldiers grab Yuto and drag him out of the car. He was bleeding, I must have winged him at least once. “So I think it’s time for you to head off. Unless you want trouble.”


I kept my face blank as I heard Ichi and Malcolm arrive, but thankfully he had been smart enough to park as he turned the corner and not charge in. It added another element into the situation, hopefully a good one. I sent him a quick message to sit tight.


“No, but maybe an offer. How much to let me take that one?” I asked and that caused the Cowboy hat to shift a little. Surprise. He hadn’t expected a monetary offer.


“Yeah? I don’t think you got the eddies for it.”


“You’d be surprised. Rogue pays well.” I said throwing out her name to try and keep them off balance.


So far more than half the group's weapons would be disabled at a thought. But the question was if I should even let this come to combat.


Thinking it over I realized that the gig wasn’t to shoot up a bunch of 6th Street thugs.


At least not this time.


“Well I do. C’mon he’s nothing to you or 6th Street. The guy is former Tyger Claw.”


“Yeah maybe.” The Cowboy said before shrugging. “But no matter what he was, right now, the fact is this is Arroyo, and we don’t let shit like this slide. It’s part of our good neighbor program.”


I caught his eye, staring him down and knew that this guy was feeding me bullshit. They had been called in to save him, and were throwing their weight around to keep him alive.


For some reason. Why does 6th Street want Yuto?


“Alright then. I’m not paid enough to fight 6th Street over it.” I lied, with a smile on my face as I backed up.


I could see a few of the gonks wanted to push. To get into a fight, or maybe take us along, but Cowboy just smiled and waved as I slowly walked backwards to the Quadra. And slipped inside the passenger seat.


“Get us out of here. Drive slow, casual.” I told Hiromi who nodded and started doing just that. The Quadra slowly backed off and then out onto the street and rumbled past Ichi who quickly followed us, all of us heading down the street until we once more crossed the bridge out of Arroyo.


“Motoko?”


“I don’t know.” I answered back. While I knew we would be able to find Yuto again, especially through his NCTV access. That didn’t mean this wasn’t a problem.


“We need to tell Fujimura.”


“I’ll call him.” Hiromi confirmed and I nodded while still glaring out the window.


—--


We didn’t head back to the netrunner cave, instead we headed home.


Yuto was injured. He wouldn’t be active for a while, likely if 6th Street wanted him alive, they would want to take him to a ripper and put him back together first.


We had a bit of time.


That was why Jun suddenly had four annoyed teenagers armed in heavy equipment drag their feet into the apartment and flop around the couch.


“Hello Motoko. I’m glad you are having a nice day. Oh my day? It’s been fine.” Jun said after about thirty seconds of all of us flopping around on the couches.


“We almost had Yuto.” I answered back and Jun flinched, bad.


“What?”


“Oh you ‘almost’ caught him?” Akari asked, almost mocking.


“He managed to get into a car and made it to Arroyo. 6th Street jumped in just as we had him, and protected him.” I said, a little annoyed at Akari. “Which means that this is even more complicated than we thought. 6th Street are protecting Yuto. What do you think that means?”


“Shit.” Jun curses and stands up pacing. “Did you tell-?”


“Fujimura was informed.” Hiromi spoke up from where she had been laying flat on her back. FInally she grumbled and sat up pulling some of the gear free. “He isn’t happy, and is going to send a few messages to his contacts in 6th Street, to try and find out what is going on.”


“It’s not a good look.” Ichi said then. “If that starts spreading, and the low totem Tygers start thinking 6th Street is behind the assassination attempts… It means they will retaliate, which will drag everyone into a new war.”


“That’s not going to happen, because we are going to catch Yuto and the whole thing will end with that.” I said instead.


Jun though was throwing puppy dog eyes at me. He hadn’t had the will to tell me to stop chasing Yuto, but he still didn’t like it.


But while he had tried to get me to promise to leave Yuto alone, I hadn’t actually done it. So that means I wasn’t bound by it! That’s sibling rule number four!


But I had no doubt that if 6th Street wanted him alive, they’d be guarding him…


Fuck.


“What’s on TV?” Malcolm asked, and a few moments later Jun turned on the TV and everyone seemed to be satisfied to drown themselves in stupid for a while.


I closed my eyes and just let myself process what had happened.


Why had Yuto been in the wrong apartment? If he had just been in the right apartment when I came in that would be it.


My frustration at the completely random freak chance of some old apartment dweller stealing cable meant that I hit the wrong place, and somehow Yuto had known. That was the part that pissed me off the most. How had he known? I hadn’t exactly been loud when I entered the apartment.


“I should go check out the apartment. Maybe find out what was going on, how he heard me. Did he have a camera or something? It-” I started to say, but Hiromi waved me down.


“Motoko.” Hiromi said and I stopped. “It was just a freak accident. Fujimura will send people to the apartments to look around. If you want we can ask them what they find, but… It’s not your fault. We’ll get him next time.”


I swallowed the words that wanted to bite out of my throat and nodded. Flopping back down.


“I hate losing.”


—--


“Roger Almeda.” I growled glaring at the dossier that Fujimura had sent over.


Turns out the guy wasn’t just some off the street 6th Street gonk.


He was apparently ex-Militech Special forces. He was the crazy kind of Solo that followed Blackhands words religiously. The whole sleeping in a new location every time, and sometimes that meant sleeping in a cardboard box in an alley that’s even better because people can’t track you to it.


“He’s known to us. Dangerous and methodical.” Fujimura of all people said. He had arrived at the apartment and handed over the information they had gained himself.


“How did Yuto of all people meet this guy? I thought they met in prison!”


“They did.” Fujimura agreed and then there was a glare on his face. “This is conjecture, but Yuto meeting Roger Almeda in prison could have been targeted. He isn’t the first young man in prison that has been filled with poison for his arrest.”


“Yeah well. Great job.” I grumbled as I stared at the info in my Agent.


The second apartment had been heavily secured, and it turned out Yuto’s apartment had been watched by some small spy cameras not in the apartment, but secured to the outside of the building across the street.


Roger had an eye on the apartment, and when we arrived it had sent an alert to Yuto causing him to bolt.


Great. I had flubbed it too.


“Whatever.” I decided, shaking it off. “I’ll find him soon, and this time I’ll just put a bullet in him.” I said and Fujimura nodded.


“While we would prefer him delivered to us… I’ll accept the contract if you can secure his death. We will still need proof.”


“Does a BD recording work?” I asked, and Fujimura after a moment, a slight twitch to his lips.


“It does.” He finally said after a few moments and Hiromi snickered as she watched on.


“Alright. Then we are back to waiting a bit to see when Yuto pops up again. I’ll keep an eye out, but I’m pretty sure our current way of tracking him will still work.” I said and Fujimura curled an eyebrow at me, but I refused to say more.


As it stood only my chooms knew how we had tracked Yuto, and I was going to keep it that way.


“You should have called in assistance once you realized where he was.” Fujimura suddenly said, causing the room to go quiet as everyone looked between us.


I sighed, raising my hand up I ran my fingers across my face, scratching idly against my forehead with my cool chrome.


“You’re right.” I acknowledged. “This gig wasn’t just for reputation, it was personal. I should have brought you in the moment I realized where he was. More people would have kept him from escaping.”


“Hmm. Then I will leave it at that. In this instance. Kusanagi. I want this completed. No matter what resources are needed.”


“Understood.” With that Fujimura turned away from me and walked over to Jun. They spoke quietly for a bit, but I purposefully didn’t listen in.


Time to get back to work.


### Notes:


>
>

​A/N UH OH! Not authors notes again!


Alright. So, bit of a real talk. I've been struggling more and more with GitC. (Don't worry! This isn't a cancellation notice.) But the fact is it takes a lot of energy per chapter. I can usually grind through 3 pages a day for it, Which isn't a lot per day, but kept me pushing out a 10ish page chapter every three days. But with everything that's happened this year my backlog is dwindling and there are times I have low energy towards the story and write even less. And sometimes where I write way more.


 


Right now, I'm struggling with it. Balancing the story lines is complicated.


 


So TLDR I'm going to be changing the post rate slightly. Instead of every 3 days, I'm going to push it to every 4 days and see how that works. I'm hoping that having an extra day in there can help me start building the backlog back up, and if I get back to my minimum backlog. (Which I'm way under right now.) I can maybe go back to every 3 days.


 


So next chapter will, instead of being the 25th. Will be the 26th, then the 30th. Hopefully I'll hit some fun scene and write a whole bunch for it soon, but right now I'm struggling a lot with Motoko's journey.


>
