# 198. Chapter 198

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/146111743*
*Published: 2024-07-16*

---

Hayato wanted to meet up for the completion of the gig. So rather than party, or split up we all headed across Japantown back to the expensive highrise where the TC bosses had their meeting.


Taking the elevator up with the entire crew was interesting. I could feel the tension ratcheting up from Hiromi and Ichi, while Malcolm was more calm, and Rebecca was expecting trouble, and seemingly happy to pull her gun.


The door opened to the same hallway and as we stepped out the TC guards in suits seemed to make a call, and before we reached security Hayato was there stepping back through dressed up as fancy as I had ever seen her.


“Motoko?”


“Hey Hayato.” I greeted back as I pulled up the net gogs from my eyes. I was still mostly fully kitted out, just the helmet left behind. She took a moment to look over me, and the rest of my chooms before seemingly smiling instead of looking uncomfortable.


“Good, you will make an impression.” She said and made to turn away but I coughed grabbing her attention.


“You didn’t tell me why we were here?”


“When I told Father I was responsible for Kanada’s death, he wanted to speak to me. You are here as I explain my actions, and proof to father that I am not without my own assistance now.” She told me and I quirked an eyebrow.


It was as Hayato moved forward, and we were about to go through security when a strong hand clamped down on my arm.


I followed the pretty chrome fingers to Hiromi who was looking as jittery as I had ever seen from her.


“M-Motoko?”


“Yeah Hiromi?”


“Is that… Is that Hayato… Nakagawa?”


“Mhmm!” I confirmed looking at her, and then watching as Hiromi just stilled and obviously short circuited.


“H-h-h-hayato n-naka, naka, naka! Why didn’t you tell me!” She suddenly came too and started hissing in a whisper as she grabbed me and shook me harshly.


“It didn’t really come up?”


“It’s the Heir to the Tygers! The Tyger Princess. Hayato Nakagawa the second! And you!” Hiromi backed away and started rubbing her face.


“Ah did she finally figure it out?” Malcolm asked, and Hiromi stilled as she turned to him at his words.


“You knew!?”


“Yeah she introduced herself, you weren’t there yet though. Ichi! I owe you twenty eddies.” Malcolm called out as Ichi was disarming to get through security.


“Nice!”


 


“B-b-but!”


“Don’t worry about it Hiromi.” I said, deciding to take a bit of action. “Hayato is a friend, and so we are going to just treat her normally. She’s our client right now, so that’s that.”


“Yes, but I didn’t know!”


“Well… You do now!” I laughed and guided her forward. Watching the rest of my chooms hand over their guns and weapons.


Soon we were through and into the large meeting room. I noticed it was much emptier than before, but some of the people sitting in the front were people I recognized from the last time, as well as another familiar face.


“Hey Wakako.” I greeted reflexively, and she turned and gave me a look before nodding.


“Motoko. Everything went well, no further bloodshed than what was expected?” She asked me loud enough that everyone was looking towards us.


But I had no shame!


“Tsk.” I offered her in turn, actually still annoyed. “As per your instructions. Moritaka is someone I can’t target, as much as I might like to finish that loose end. He’s still alive, and I’m a professional. No one else besides the target was touched.”


“See?” Wakako said, turning to a bald man covered in tattoos beside her. “The girl is competent, and does not allow foolish things to interfere in her professionalism.”


“As you say Mother.”


 


I blinked because the big tatted out TC guy didn’t look anything like tiny Wakako, but then again that fit as well.


Hayato did her own fake cough and glared at me, and I noticed that while I had wandered off to see Wakako, she had gathered the rest of my chooms behind her.


Nodding, I waved goodbye at Wakako and headed over. Earning a particularly amused scoff from the woman.


“Try to stay close.” Hayato whispered to me, and I nodded apologetically.


Then suddenly as if a switch flipped everyone stopped talking and in came Shinobu Nakagawa.


Hayato’s dad, and the leader of the TC. Which was still weird to think about.


He entered without a word and took his seat, and instantly got down to business.


“Hayato. You had Kanada Tsukimura killed.”


“I did.” She said without hesitation. Confident as she offered a bow in her… Kimono? Yukata? Okay seriously one of these days I was going to have to spend a few minutes and learn which was which.


“Explain.” He responded instantly with a bit of harshness.


“While you were fond of Tsukimura the elder, his son is not the same man.” She argued instantly and I watched as she straightened her back and continued. “The power went to the boy's head. He spoke words that should not be spoken. That he would be the Fourth Shinobu.” She offered and there was actually a flinch among the room at her words.


“You have proof?”


“I do, recordings of him saying it to his soldiers while they played. It was his intention to marry me, and attempt a takeover.”


The room was quiet and then the man looked at Wakako with an upraised eyebrow.


“Don’t look at me. Hayato came to me requesting an assassin, and I provided. I am simply here to see the after effects.” She offered as catty as ever, and then continued to watch over the proceedings.


“Mother in Law.” Shinobu started wearily before shaking his head. “Please do not give Hayato access to an assassin.” The old man actually pleaded.


“I did nothing. Hayato created her own contact, I simply reminded her of the fact.” Wakako denied any wrongdoing with a smirk.


“The girl. Kusanagi is one of your mercs.”


“Yes, but the meeting between Hayato and her was not my doing, and was actually a pleasant surprise. Motoko is rough around the edges, but is a professional within Hayato’s peer group. It’s good for them both to meet and create connections.”


Wow, that was almost a compliment from Wakako.


“Otou-Sama. You called me here to discuss why I had Kanada removed. I have.”


“And this evidence wasn’t given directly to me because?” He asked back with a glare, and Hayato almost wilted, before firming up.


“Because, I am Hayato Nakagawa, and I can handle business for the family as well.”


The older man sighed, rubbing at his salt and pepper temples that once more made me stare at his face.


He was crazy handsome and it was cruel that he was like an evil gang boss.


Then again he was probably crazy handsome because of all the eddies he had because he was an evil gang boss.


“Then the evidence for Kanada’s death will be handed over. Unless Mother in Law has already?”


“It’s real. I confirmed it myself.” Wakako offered and the men around the room all frowned looking pissed.


Yeah I guess if some early twenties gonk went around saying he was going to marry the daughter of the leader, kill the leader and become the next one, and I was one of those leaders already I’d be pissed too.


“Then the assassination will be condoned… Forgive me, old friend.” Nakagawa whispered aloud and many of the men bent their heads.


Tsukumura’s pops must have been important.


“It seems you have an assassin on hand, Hayato. Make sure to use such a thing sparingly.” The old man added and Hayato practically buzzed.


“I will take that into consideration Otou-Sama… But I will not hesitate to call upon skilled mercenaries when needed.”


Papa Nakagawa sighed again at Hayato’s words and I had a feeling she might be using her newfound freedom and connection to an assassin to remove a few more people.


Which was nothing but an awesome thing in my book.


—--


“Waaa, I can’t believe we were just standing in front of Shinobu Nakagawa!” Ichi whispered once we had left the building proper and stepped into the garage.


“Nerve wracking.” Malcolm agreed but he stretched and seemed less bothered.


“Ugh I’m just glad we got out of there. Talk about tense!” Rebecca added as well, before slapping Ichi on the back. “And don’t think I didn’t notice you practically shivering as you stood there in your armor!”


“I didn’t!”


“I have a contact with Hayato Nakagawa.” Hiromi whispered as she followed robotically behind us all. She had been doing that since she had worked up the nerve to speak to Hayato on the way down and mention she was the one in charge of setting of gigs.


“So Hayato. How’d we do?” I asked, she had followed us down and seemed set on speaking to me about something but having difficulty beginning.


“You were perfect. Grandmother will ensure word gets around that you were operating under my orders, so no one will cause any issues for you.”


“Eh, I’m more irritated that more people are going to know what I’m capable of. I hate people that don’t underestimate me. It’s so much easier when they think I’m just a brat.”


“You will be known as working under me personally. That will do a lot for your rep. Isn’t that a good thing?”


“Eh, fifty-fifty. It means I have a better chance of being known while doing something, which is good or bad. Being able to intimidate is useful. But being unknown or underestimated is often better in my view. But it’s nothing to worry about!” I continued on when I noticed her frowning. “It was inevitable, and getting known as working for you is a good thing. It means the Tygers should be less of an issue in the future.”


“Are we often an issue?” She asked me with an honest curiosity in her voice. “I would expect, with your brother and legacy status. You should be treated well?”


“Not really.” I offered back. “Jun’s rep helped yeah, but most Tyger Claw guys at the bottom are jerks and don’t really think before speaking.”


I looked back and saw her frowning. “That is not how it should be. They should have nothing but respect for you, since your parents and brother were Tygers!”


“In a perfect world.” I replied back with a smirk, saying obviously that the world wasn’t perfect. “Besides I know my way around a blade and more.”


“Indeed you do.” Hayato confirmed actually smiling, which was a rare sight on the serious girls face. “I will have to face you with Shinai again next time we spar. If you were able to stand against Komorebi, then you were holding out on me!” She said suddenly going on the attack and pushing at my shoulder with a finger, but that didn’t do much thanks to my chrome!


“Hey! I wasn’t! Not really. I had two blades when I faced him and I’m good at dual wielding. I’m ambidextrous.”


“Tsk. I will test that myself!” She argued back and I just laughed at her eagerness for more spars.


Then we stopped. We had wandered off a ways farther from the rest of the group, as I let Hayato guide us, and it seems we were far enough. “Hayato?”


“Motoko, you did a favor for me that I will not forget. Freeing me from that filth Kanada.”


“It’s not like I did it entirely altruistically.” I explained but she shook her head.


“You did it when I had no one else to do so. And Grandmother has already denied me her own contacts for this business. I was stuck attempting to find my own… I will owe John-Sensei much for letting us meet.”


“Well… Glad I could help.”


“I know… Which is why I feel cruel for speaking further. I need to solidify my place in the Tygers. I am a daughter, and while we are not yakuza, few would see me rise up to be the next Shinobu.”


I blinked because… I thought Shinobu was his name? It was a title?


Nevermind, I decided I would ask Ichi later or something so that Hayato didn’t start trying to slap me again.


“You need more help.”


“I would like to continue our relationship. As Client and mercenary.” Hayato confirmed sounding very official.


“I don’t mind.” I decided. “If you need someone killed, rescued, something torched, or just a big gun fight, you know how to reach me. Maybe we’ll talk to Hiromi to set up some for of retainer? Is that a thing?”


Hayato looked very pleased for half a moment her smile bright and happy before she instantly shifted back to her official face.


“I look forward to your future performance.” She spoke and I shivered because I had a moment where I felt like I was working an actual job instead of doing whatever the hell I wanted.


“Sure.” I offered, deciding that was the correct response and she nodded.


Unfortunately Hayato needed to head back up, so once she was gone I jumped into Ichi’s truck and we all took off. Time to celebrate!


—--


“Woo!” Rebecca cheered as she showed off with her Ajax. I had intended on going to Lizzies or something, but Ichi had made a good argument.


It wasn’t a good idea to party at Mox HQ after doing work for the Tygers. Even if it had been an assassination of one of them.


So instead we were out at Turbo’s of all places.


Rebecca had suggested it, and since we didn’t really have a hangout that wasn’t just go home, or Lizzies I had no reason to argue.


It turned out to be a good idea in the end, Ichi and Malcolm both quickly fell in love with the attention, as Rebecca was a familiar enough face since this is where Maine celebrated. She was able to start the process of a party.


As everyone gathered around as Rebeca regaled them of the most recent gig. With lots of extra bits added on. I certainly don’t recall her gunning down the security guards for instance.


But I guess that was half the fun of being a merc. The tall tales.


I blinked surprised as I noticed Hiromi walk over to the Turbo’s little attendant, and not long after come out with a few packs of Brosefs she walked over to Rebecca.


“Hell yeah! Free booze for everyone!” Rebecca cried out and everyone cheered as the crowd Rebecca had gathered turned into an actual party.


“I didn't expect that.” I told Hiromi as she wandered over and sat on the seat beside me.


“A small cost for a post gig party.” She said confidently, and then stilled a bit and sent me an honest smile. “Rebecca suggested it. Apparently if you turn this sort of thing into an open party it helps with your rep. Tomorrow everyone here will be talking about the cool merc party the night before and telling everyone what we did.”


 


I nodded at her explanation. I guess that all made sense. For a group of mercs, normally their rep was their guarantee, their hope of future work depended on it.


I was just so weird, and we had built up enough of a nestegg thanks to the helpful contributions of Scavs and Raffen that I never worried about where the next chunk of eddies would come.


“Do… Do you or the boys worry about eddies? Like… Do we make enough?” I asked, and Hiromi hummed.


“Not recently. There was Ichi’s thing with his grandmother, but since we got the big truck, his morning job has paid out well.” Hiromi mentioned I could see the way she was looking through me that she was doing calculations in her head.


“Before all this happened, I wanted all of us to have a meeting.” I mentioned, and Hiromi blinked at my words and nodded at the memory.


“That’s right. Anything in particular?”


“Us, our future.” I mentioned as I stared off. “What our relationship will be like in a few years.” I glanced over and Hiromi looked super red. Before I could ask her what’s wrong she spoke.


“A-are you sure it’s t-time for that? Are we ready?” She stuttered and I laughed a little and nudged her.


“Section 9 has grown so much already. I think it’s time we start formalizing things. It’s nothing to worry about.” I explained looking over at Malcolm who was actually seeming to get some attention as he held a brosef in one hand and talked about some adventure he had.


“A-ah. Section 9! Of course! Right. The future of Section 9. That future.”


“Hmm?” I asked and Hiromi shook her head wildly and then ran a hand over her face.


“Right. That makes sense. We’ve been growing a lot. The Behemoth. The Minotaur. Rebecca joining more full time.”


“I’m glad she wants to work with us.” I said as I turned to look where she was. Rebecca was throwing her weapon grabbing it and throwing a mag into the rifle looking pretty cool while she did so.


“You know… You never did tell me why you wanted her to work with us so much? She’s admitted that she’s barely got any experience with her current crew, but you threw her into a solo position.”


“I just know she has it in her.” I admitted purposefully not meeting Hiromi’s eyes. “Plus we needed more people. I had met her, and I knew I could steal her away from Maine and his crew.”


“She’s also a lot older than us… She’s pretty. Mature.”


“I don’t know of anyone that’s ever called that gremlin mature before.” I whispered back and Hiromi snorted and slapped my shoulder.


“Don’t call her a gremlin!”


“I say it like I see it. But yeah. Rebecca is cool, and I think she’s perfect to balance us out. A bit older, but that’s not a bad thing, even if she doesn’t look it, which sort of ruins the chances of her doing any infiltration we can’t handle because of our age. I’ll just have to dress up again.”


“Dress up?” Hiromi asked and I realized I fucked up!


“Nothing important!”


 


“I think it is!” Hiromi argued with a grin and I was quick to jump off the bench and make a run for it, Hiromi right behind me shouting for answers.
