# 207. Chapter 207

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/157155016*
*Published: 2024-12-20*

---

“Oh… Uh, hey Alice.” I greeted as I opened the door to see our neighbor.


“Hey, Motoko. So yeah. Umm, you had time to think about that offer?” She asked and I blinked and rubbed my head. I felt like I was still pulling blood out of my knuckles despite a shower.


“Yeah I thought about it. Yeah…” I said despite not having thought about it at all. I’d been focused on grinding skills this week, and then our scheduled Section 9 work.


“So, uh hey. We have a meeting tonight. Just to play some songs and get some things worked out for a gig. Figured I’d invite you.”


“Did your band figure out the problems you guys were having?”


“Not exactly.” She said and I looked her up and down and winced.


“I’m not exactly looking.”


“I know. Listen. Come play with us, some of our songs, some of yours? We’re looking for another, for the gig I mentioned, but it’s not a forced thing. Just come play. See if you fit?”


 


I ran my hand through my hair. It had been a stressful day. I had gotten shot after all. I really could use a distraction.


“Alright, fine, let me grab my guitar.”


“Nova!” She cheered out and I had a feeling she was banking on me for more than just a one night jam session.


I shrugged and grabbed my stuff, before meeting her at the door and following her down.


I ended up going with her, in her little van, which wasn’t the most comfortable ride, but I didn’t have room in the Quadra for her equipment and mine.


She made pretty shit small talk as she drove, mostly about Jun to my amusement. But I wasn’t really interested in that, so I decided to get to the point.


“So what’s the deal with your band?”


“You remember Carmen?”


“Nope.” I answered back, and she snorted.


“He was the lead Guitarist of VH. That gig we did to help him out with his NiCola song? Well afterwards he bailed on us. I’ve been trying to get him to stick around at least long enough to get a replacement, because we had gigs coming up and we need someone.”


“Ah, but he refused, and now you are desperate to find someone that can play.”


She was quiet for a while but as we stopped at a red light behind a few trucks, their brake lights lighting up the vans cab she turned to me.


“That’s right. I’ve dedicated everything to be a musician. To get VH going, to try and do something. So I’m willing to try anything… So please. Just, jam with us. See if you like it, and maybe do a gig or two? No contract shit, we’re street Rockers, but we need someone until we get a replacement.”


“I’m not really the band type.”


“Maybe not, but there are eddies in it, and more.” She offered and the light changed, so she focused on driving instead of answering my raised eyebrow, what was ‘more’ about being in a band?


—--


We didn’t go to Denny’s place. Which made me remember how expensive it was supposed to be… Had Hiromi tricked me into spending lots of eddies for something I didn’t really need?


I decided I would try to remember to ask her about that later, but we were meeting up in a storage unit of all things.


It was one similar to the Tyger Claw place we had used when we did the yacht gig. But closer to our current apartments.


I had a feeling it was something Fujimura, Alice’s Uncle, had set up for her.


But we parked and as I stepped out I noticed the unit was open, and I guess it was cold enough being winter, that it wasn’t that big a deal.


“Yo yo! I got us a temp!” Alice called out and I rolled my eyes at her as she called out waving her hands up in the air.


“Finally!”


“Hell yeah!” I looked at the other two. I recognized both men from when I saw VH play, and when we went to Denny’s for the first time, but I had never spoken to either of them.


“Alright everyone, this is Motoko, she plays Guitar and?” Alice looked at me, and I just blinked.


“Anything really.” I confirmed and got a blank look but a nod from her at that.


“And can cover pretty much anything.”


“Yeah? Well I got some things that I could enjoy if I was off the drums.” One of the guys called out and then looked me over and I could see his lips quirk up.


“Well damn, Alice. Where’d you get this one? Some Animal convention?”


“Fuck off Klein, you ass. Be nice. Motoko does merc work.” Alice offered, but she glanced at me, and then down as well.


Unfortunately I wasn’t exactly blowing anyone away with my massive chest, so I knew it was my well defined abs stretching my Leotard. I hadn’t gone to get them updated again after hitting Body 10 so the leotards were a bit tight.


“I work out.” I offered blandly.


“Yeah no shit. You want to drum?”


“Sure I could use some stress relief.” I offered, and that was that. Sticks handed over and I spun them with the same dexterity I used while cutting gonks into pieces.


Yeah I could do this.


Hmm. I hadn’t done much drums, mostly sticking to electronics. What could I do…


Well I did like Dave Grohl.


I settled into the seat, and checked the equipment, as the band got together.


“You know our songs?” Klein asked, as he switched over to a guitar.


“Violent Hemmorage? I heard you guys live once.”


“Alright, then we definitely played Spilled Blood. You good?”


“Should be.” I said with faux casualness, and before they could even start playing the first strings I started in on the drum intro much to their surprise.


 


I had to play it twice before they caught up and started playing. And then I just lost myself in the tune. I remember the rhythm, had it memorized in my brain thanks to Perfect Musical Memory.


It wasn’t exactly a thrilling song to play, but I kept it going even when the other band mates flubbed things, or Alice made me cringe from her singing.


It was alright. It was… Therapeutic to smash the drums. I was even getting into it, before the other guy suddenly stopped with a curse.


“Fucking hell Jared? Why’d you stop?”


“Cause you keep fucking it up!” He yelled at Alice who cursed him right back, and I relaxed and settled back a bit. Looking around I noticed a SCSM across the way, and I was thirsty. I headed over and no one noticed me, and then got back while they were still arguing.


Friction in the band huh.


That’s fair, but I wasn’t here to fucking listen to it. Hmm, I could play some Nirvana, but I had done most of those myself.


Then I remembered another band that I liked.


Heh, that could work.


The song started in my head, and I just took on the drummer. Dave was a legend, and I was just a copy cat, but hopefully I could make the sound right.


No One Knows, was a Queens of the Stone Age song. Definitely a fun band, and the song was a really interesting rock song.


So I waited and ignoring the gonks arguing about stupid shit, I just started. Feeling a smile come over my face, as I let myself enjoy the song in my head.


I hadn’t heard it in over a year after all, but as I played it was like listening to it back.


Only when I finished did I pay any attention to the band, who to my surprise had picked up their instruments and played along.


Badly, but they had tried their own additions to the beat.


“Nice.” Klein offered me as the song finished. “Okay, you’re the better drummer. What was that beat?”


“Here I’ll show you. I have no idea what the official name of it would be. It’s a three beat with a delayed fourth. Here.” I showed it slowed down to the drummer, and soon we swapped spots as he started tinkering with it…


Well if he was going to try and drum it.


“Mind if I sing?” I asked Alice and she blinked before hesitating and shaking her head.


“This an actual song?”


“Yeah, It’s called No One Knows. I mean, unless you guys want to play something else?”


 


“Nah fuck that. I’m sick of our shit anyways. Let’s hear it.” Jared called as he grabbed his bass and I nodded. Alice picked up a Guitar and I grabbed mine, and I started.


“Yeah, follow this beat for the first half.” I instructed Jared, and then walked to Alice. “Can you do this?” I offered, and she nodded with a bit of hesitation.


And then once I got them all synced up I started singing.


“We got some rules to follow, that and this, these and those!” I started and despite multiple stops soon we were actually jamming.


They weren’t terrible musicians, they were just terrible song writers I decided.


Alice, I noticed wasn’t very happy about me singing, so I shrugged and walked over to her, standing in front of her, as we did a restart, and this time I played the guitar and she hesitated, before starting the song herself.


Her version was more electronic, her cyberware picking up, but that was fine. It was about having fun anyways.


—--


“Fuck Alice, where’d you find this one? Hey Motoko right? Fucking join the band, no scop you rock girl.”


“Thanks. I’m not sure, I’m really a band type though.” I offered, waving my hands a bit.


“Aww fuck. Alice! You know her! Tell her she has to do some gigs with us! She’s a monster!” Jared demanded, and Alice still looked a little irritated at my performance, but at the same time, she knew how skilled I was, and was swallowing it down, not letting it influence her.


“Motoko, we have a gig, Saturday and we need another member. Please.”


I definitely still hesitated even with the begging. “Listen, I’m just not that interested.”


“How about a trade then?” Klein offered, and I looked over as he walked to a section of the garage that had a bunch of junk stacked up. Old equipment that was dusty and abandoned, and I was about to make some sarcastic comment about it when Klein pulled out something that actually had me sit up.


“Noticed your guitar is store slop, it’s alright for minor shit, but it’s not gonna serve.”


“And that’s supposed to be better?” I asked, looking at the incredibly expensive piece of trash. The guitar was broken. Which was a real shame, because it was a DeLuze Orphean. The color wasn’t to my liking, a sort of orange, but that was the same type of guitar that Johnny used. Old, retro, but solid, a real playing guitar.


“Hey, even jacked up, this thing is worth eddies… Carmen’s. He wrecked it when he left the band.”


“The fuck he do that for?” I asked as I walked over and took the damaged axe. Looks like he tried to smash it, but the neck was strong enough to take it. Chipped the fuck out of the body though, and the Bridge was bent in, did he hit it against something? I looked it over, the ports were fucked too, two of them were bent in, would need a full replacement.


“He just didn’t need it anymore.” Alice offered bitterly, there was more to the story, but that didn’t matter to me.


Because the fact was, while it was damaged, I could replace it… Probably. “How much are these things normally worth?”


“A preem good condition one? 5 kay, easy.” Alice offered and I blinked, looked at the guitar in my hands…


That’s all?


I thought back to my Guitar that I bought and winced as I realized I hadn’t really bought anything good. Just a cheap off the rack. Sure I made it work, I had the skill thanks to Rockerboy to tune it and set it up right, but I could do better with better equipment.


“Alright. I’ll take this as payment then. You said the gig was this weekend?” I asked and Alice nodded while Klein looked pleased with himself.


“That’s right kid. Now we’ll need to get our set list going, hey you slackers, let’s play some music we need to make sure our new guitarist knows what to do.”


I rolled my eyes at the drummers words, but set the broken guitar to the side and picked up my own.


Time to make sure I know all the Violent Hemorrhage songs… Blegh.


—--


*That’s amazing!* Hiromi cheered to me, as I informed her about the new update


*It’s okay. I’m mostly getting paid in an old guitar that I really didn’t need, but I figured it was… It was enough to make me do it.* It was hard to admit that I could have just turned around and bought a brand new guitar no problem for just 5 grand. But…


I was going to fix this guitar, it would be a good week project while I prepped for the gig, and… It was a good enough excuse.


Maybe I needed the excuse to get up on stage again. At least this time I was just playing some garbage songs, and not ones that I have any real emotional investment in.


*Hmm, that’s no good, make sure they are paying you eddies as well! I’ll talk to them if I have to, as your manager.*


*Thanks Hiromi, I know you got my back. Anyway, you have school right?*


*Yeah, I’m getting ready for it now.* She muttered darkly, and I looked out the window to see the bright california sun glaring down on us.


*Alright, how about we meet for lunch then?*


*Yes! I’ll see you then?*


*I’ll see you then.* I confirmed, and the call ended.


I guess I should go get this guitar fixed up then. I got dressed noting that Jun was still passed out, it was early for him though.


A quick stop on the way out to grab some food and I went looking for a shop.


The first place I stopped in was the shop I bought my original guitar from. It only took me pulling out the guitar before the old man took one look at it and shook his head.


“You can’t just go to some scop seller like this place for a DeLuze you gonk.” He said quietly but firmly glaring at me, over the top of the guitar. “Damaging a fucking DeLuze. Brats these days. That thing needs real replacement parts you won’t find in this sort of place.” He whispered, his face locked on me, but I could tell he was keeping his boss in his periphery.


“Any idea where I could go to get replacement parts?”


“Pfft. Course I do. Can’t tell you though.” He offered, and I smirked as I walked over and grabbed three shitty albums off the side of the wall.


“Course not, only paying customers am I right?”


“Heh.” He finally cracked a smile and he rang me up, and only as I was leaving did I get a message from the grumpy old man.


*Martin: Time Machine. Near Senate and Market, Glen.*


Well I guess I knew where to go.


A quick jump into the Quadra and I was across town, checking out Heywood and finally I found it. A corner store with a big neon strip going around the building. “Time Machine Huh?” I wondered, there was something familiar about this place. Was it a game location?


I honestly didn’t remember and so took a parking spot and stepped inside.


Oh wow. This was a high end shop. I glanced around and noticed that despite being a much more expensive sort of music shop, the guitars on the walls were… The same sort of scop I’d find in the other shop.


But he said I should come here?


I walked up to the counter and a moment later a woman with an unfortunate haircut noticed me and sauntered over.


“What can I get ya? Oh shit, who wrecked the DeLuze?”


“The former owner.” I answered her question as she was looking at the guitar I had settled onto the counter. “I’m looking for some replacement parts to fix her up. The Bridge is wrecked, and the-”


“Yeah I see it. Smashed it hard by the looks of it, the frets look good, the neck isn’t damaged.” She started to mutter and I relaxed, she knew what she was talking about. Going through the guitar and cataloging everything.


“It’s gonna be expensive to repair this. At least a month to do it, I’m backlogged.”


“I can do the repairs, just need the parts.” I answered and she looked at me like she wanted to argue.


“Yeah alright… Just don’t break it, if you think you can’t handle something just hand it over.”


“I can do it. Thanks though.” I answered back because I wasn’t going to take her concern about the expensive guitar against her.


“Alright, let me grab what you need. You got the eddies?”


“I have the eddies.” I waved her off, and she nodded. A few minutes later she came out of the backroom, which I noticed as she opened the door was full of much more expensive guitars than what was out here.


Now I understood. Sell the scop to normal rockers, and keep the expensive stuff safe.


I took the parts, checked them over, my Kiroshi scanning the parts confirmed they were good, and a few checks verified even that.


“Preem. Thanks Choom.”


“Sure kid. Remember! Bring it in if you can’t handle it! Those DeLuze are classics!”


“I waved her off and headed out of the shop.


—--


Pulling the bridge out of the guitar I winced at how much damage it had taken. Luckily, the internals were easy enough to fix, and I had the replacements. Slowly I started putting the expensive guitar back together. Piece by piece.


I laughed as almost instantly I got a Crafting Alert.


I hummed some old songs as I worked, using some tools making sure the internals still worked. With the bridge out, I started replacing the connectors that were broken, unscrewing the section, and then pulling out the two that were damaged, and putting the new ends on. Slowly it all came back together. A guitar no matter how expensive had nothing on the complicated internals of a Tachikoma.


And then I put the new bridge into place, and restrung the guitar.


Looking it over I nodded. It still looks a bit rough. The body was chipped, and the color was faded. Also it wasn’t a color I really liked.


I ran my fingers over it, the sensitive pads letting me feel all the indents and damage…


Repainting it wouldn’t be hard.


I sighed, and started dismantling the entire thing. I’d have to do a full restore on this thing.
