# 214. Chapter 214

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/162971401*
*Published: 2025-03-04*

---

I clicked onto the Comm call we were all using as I looked away from rechecking the scope. *Check in.*


*All clear.*


*Nothing here either.*


*Same as before.*


I nodded and continued to scan the area. It was Section 9’s work day, and we’d gotten a bit of a different gig than normal.


Fujimura was our client this time. Apparently a few too many of his shipments of product had been hit, a bit too routinely.


Shipments of drugs of course, but I was doing my best not to think of that. Either way, he’d wanted a group off the TC radar, as he suspected another internal issue. Basically he thought he had a mole, so he was doing the old tell different people different things trick.


Rebecca and Hiromi were across the street, hanging out inside a shop, snacking and chattering away.


Malcolm and Ichi were both in vehicles, Ichi was in his box truck, and set up down one side of the street, and Malcolm in an old beat up clunker was down the other. If there was an attack they’d either block the street, ram them, or just start shooting.


While I was sniping.


One hundred feet off the ground, dangling upside down from a walkway between two buildings.


I had planned on something a bit closer to the ground, but honestly, this was the most out of sight location to snipe from.


Blending in among the shadows of the bottom of the walkway I side eyed the strap that was my fail safe. Luckily there was a bunch of piping under this thing that I could cling to, and strap myself into.


Hanging by my legs from some old electrical conduits wasn’t the most comfortable thing, but no one could argue that I wasn’t in the most literal overwatch position of my life.


Far down below was a row of street shops. Including the TC’s little drug operation.


It was quiet, I reached over to the bag I’d carried up here, and fiddled around without looking away from the ground, grabbing a soda.


I’d been up here for a while, so as I’d learned from the few other times I’d done any sort of overwatch stuff. Bring snacks.


My eyes narrowed as I stilled.


*We’ve got movement. Hiromi get secure.*


I listened as everyone confirmed and moved to their positions. A trio of Tyger Claw vehicles had just pulled in, but Fujimura had been very clear. No one should be arriving here unless they were the traitor.


I quickly checked my scope, and took a few pictures through the amplified image and sent them to Fujimura.


*Motoko: Movement, and people.*


*Fujimura: They are traitors, take them out.*


*Fujimura: Where are you taking this image from?*


I ignored his question as I realized I wasn’t in position, hand not on my rifle, and holding a can I couldn’t easily get rid of…


Well actually. I took aim, this wouldn’t be an easy shot. Narrowing my eyesI tightened my legs to keep myself stable and fired my shot.


The Ni-Cola went flying through the air, freeing my hand, as I adjusted and brought up the Nekomata.


Malcolm and Ichi would be moving into position, while Rebecca opened her bag with her HMG she would be opening up with from across the street.


I took aim… Then adjusted a bit so I could watch the can.


“Come on… Come on!” I whispered, waiting as it sailed down and down and-smacked into the ground at one of the idiot's feet.


Fuck.


Okay it was fine, no one would ever know. I took aim, charged my rifle and fired.


The Nekomata slug nearly instantly smashed into one of them from above.


*500 XP Gained.*


I shifted and fired again.


*500 XP Gained.*


The rest scattered, but Rebecca was soon joining in, and the Tygers took cover from her, meaning that they were easy pickings from me.


We didn’t take long to clear them out. One of them jumped into his Shion, escaping from Rebecca’s HMG by driving as erratically as he could until he came back up onto the street.


I tracked him the whole time. Nekomata on target just waiting, and then Malcolm was there slamming into the side of the Shion… Honestly that was a bit of a mistake probably, that Shion would be good loot.


But Malcolm opened up with his Shingen and I watched the smart rounds battered into the damaged glass, and then… Well considering the car just sort of drifted until it hit a post from there Malcolm got him.


Nice.


*Check in.* I called out just to make sure.


*I’m fine.*


*Not even a scratch.* Rebecca and Malcolm called out, and Hiromi and Ichi both checked in just after.


*Great. I’ll let Fujimura know, let’s lock our loot down. Ichi bring in the truck… I’ll be down soon.* I said as I looked around my little hidden space, grabbing my little bag I put it on my back, and tightened it down while strapping the Nekomata down a bit more as well. Then I slipped out, hanging a hundred feet above the street by my hands. I slowly monkey gymed my way down towards the building, and then slipped onto the small ledge at the end, and used that to slide along until I could jump fully onto the walking path.


I adjusted my netgogs, so I could ignore the people that were looking down over the side to try and find out where the gunfire had been coming from, ignoring the gasps I turned and headed into the building where I had already set up an elevator access key.


Not long after a quiet ride down to the ground level I met up with everyone.


To my irritation NCPD actually showed up.


To my relief Hiromi was already throwing paperwork at them and the two cops seeing the carnage didn’t look very interested in pressing into things.


I walked past, to meet up with Hiromi getting a bit of a startled jump out of one of the officers as they hadn’t noticed me approaching from behind.


“Got everything here?” I asked, and Hiromi nodded.


“Yes, everything is in order. NCPD are just verifying.” She offered with a smirk, and I knew she would be fine.


Hiromi had done a ton of paperwork in setting up Section 9 as a merc company. The fact we had actual paperwork and weren’t just a group of street kids meant we were already a step ahead of the norm.


Walking over I caught up to Rebecca who was keeping an eye on Hiromi, but hiding her HMG under a small barrier so the cops wouldn’t notice it.


“Everything good?” She asked me and I nodded.


“Yeah Hiromi has got it. How’s clean up?”


“Not great. The cops got here quick. We didn’t manage to get the good stuff just yet. Malcolm and Ichi managed a few chips, and the weapons. We might lose the vehicles.”


“Maybe.” I agreed and walked on, to check on the boys. Both of them were sitting in the back of Ichi’s truck and I noticed a pile of boxes and things stacked up just behind them…


“What’s behind the boxes?”


“Nothing. Especially if it’s a cop asking.” Malcolm told me with a smirk, and I couldn’t help but snort. The two HMG’s that were in the back of the Van just in front fo the boxes would make a pretty firm fuck off, for anyone that wanted a peek.”


“Alright. We might go light this time, but I’m going to see what Hiromi can do.”


“You got it.” Ichi agreed, already looking bored, but pleased.


This would be good eddies for us.


Now it’s just time to wait.


—--


“Uuuuugh.”


“Sorry.” I told Rebecca who was hissing and spitting in irritation at the NCPD.


“It’s fine. Whatever.” She grunted as she continued to kick out with her legs like she was killing someone.


Hiromi had got us out without issues, but the bodies, and vehicles had gone straight to the Lotto. Well the bodies and cyberware anyways, I’m fairly confident those cars would end up sold back to the TC or something.


Either way we got out with some loot, and we had completed a gig, quick and easy eddies were my favorite.


Especially when I got to kill some gonks for XP for it.


We were set up down the street, having left the crime scene as the cops called it once everything was cleared up just to avoid any officers deciding to search us, or something.


“I’ve spoken with the client, payment has gone through, he is very happy.” Hiromi called out as she stepped out of the Quadra that she’d been camping in.


“Hell yes!” Rebecca was the first to jump up and shout. Her previous bad mood completely disappeared as she laughed into the air as Hiromi started passing out Eddies.


“Well that was fun. Glad this wasn’t like a multi day thing again.” Malcolm called out stretching as he threw a soda into the trash. “We wanna have a party tonight?” He asked, but the general sense was pretty meh.


“While this gig was easy it wasn’t like we did anything super cool.” I offered, only to get jabbed in the ribs by Rebecca.


“Says the insane girl that was hanging from the sky!”


“Yeah that was pretty cool.” Ichi added, “And Malcolm flatlined a gonk.”


“Hell yeah I did!” Malcolm laughed thankfully unbothered by his murder.


“Sorry everyone! Motoko already agreed to something if we finished fast enough! Right? Right? You’ll still do it? You aren’t too tired?” Hiromi jumped on me, literally jumping on my back as she hugged me tightly and begged.


“I’m not too tired. So I guess I’ll still go.” I agreed and Hiromi cackled in my ear as she kicked her feet.


“What’s got Hiromi in such a good mood? Eddies?”


“Motoko is going to finish a new song! It’s gonna be a hit! We got Violent Hemorrhage to help play it! I’ll call Alice.” Hiromi said and out of my extended vision I could see her eyes go yellow as she made a call.


“When did you get close enough to just call Alice?” I whispered, even if I knew. Hiromi had forced the poor VH guys into a meeting for a contract.


The fact they’d all signed had been surprising to be honest, but well… I had a band…


I exhaled, not even bothered by Hiromi’s weight as she continued to hang from my back and giggle into my ear as she spoke to Alice.


“New song?” Malcolm asked, looking interested and I just shrugged.


“It came to me the other day while I was hanging out with a bunch of Tyger Claw guys after I hit the dojo. I got it all ready, just need to play it all out, and record it.”


“Huh. Mind if I come?” He asked and I blinked and instantly nodded.


“Course you’re always welcome, Malcolm.”


“Oh me too! Me too!” Rebecca called out and I turned around to see her jumping up and down on the back of Ichi’s truck. “I mean… If that’s cool, like Malcolm.”


“Rebecca, Choom, you’re always welcome as well.” I said and then I slumped. As I felt my cheeks redden. They were going to hear me play again. With other people!


“Aww, Strings is all shy!” Rebecca teased and I just walked over ignoring that Hiromi was still on my back and picked her up, tucking her under my arm like a piece of luggage.


“Wha-Hey! Put me down!”


“Kids shouldn’t talk shit unless they want to face the repercussions.” I told her, and she wiggled, disrupting Hiromi a bit who slapped my shoulder.


“I’m older than you!”


“Details details.” I offered airily, as I walked around a bit just to prove that Rebecca was completely trapped.


Heh. No wonder Jun picked me up like this so much it was funny…


He can never know.


—--


We arrived at Denny’s music studio. Honestly we could probably go somewhere cheaper, but something about the place really called to Hiromi, so here we are.


A bunch of street kids, half the age of normal men and women that would walk these halls. Luckily Hiromi had already paid for our time, and so there was no issue with security or the people already here. I did get like usual an upraised eye as I moved to the room we had rented.


I stepped in and noticed that thankfully it was already full. Alice and her chooms were already here.


Jared, Klein, Alice.” I greeted as I stepped in and settled my music box and my DeLuze to the side.


“Motoko, and chooms.” Alice greeted, her two chooms nodded as they looked over my chooms.


There was tension, as two groups met each other and realized there would have to be some relationship but no trust yet…


That actually fit the song we were going to play all the better… Hmm.


I might have to figure out some way to use that, for now I nodded at the three. “Okay I got a song all set, I’ll need drums, bass and guitar, I’m going to be doing a lot of synth and some piano work. Hiromi, can you get a keyboard, and drums from the instrument room?”


“Yes!” She cheered and instantly reached over to grab Ichi and Malcolm and pulled them out.


I looked back over the three. “Any questions?” I asked and the three all looked to each other and then to me.


“A few.” Alice decided to speak and I nodded. As I headed into the recording studio.


“Alright, well, get asking. Rebecca, chill anywhere.”


“Hell yeah I will!” She said smirking as she took a seat on top of an amp looking around the room.


“So you already have a song? Prepped?” Alice asked me as I started hooking up the music box, into the system.


“That’s right. You ever walked into a room, and sat down next to someone you realized was super dangerous?” I asked her, and she blinked before rolling her eyes.


“You know my Uncle.”


“Exactly. The song is about that. Let me play what I have so far.” I set it up and soon the guitar track for Heathens began.


What I didn’t have was a good recording for vocals, so I grabbed one of the mics, and started singing.


“All my friends are heathens, take it slow.” I crooned, going through the first stanza along with the guitar track, before stopping, as Malcolm was carrying in a drum set and I went to help him.


“That's definitely a sound. Not quite my usual.” Klein said to me as I moved and I shrugged.


“The song is already done, I just need to play it. You guys wanted a job, so you’re saving me some time, that's all.” I explained and the three all looked at each other.


“And we’re okay with that. Hiromi already talked about Eddies, so we’re in.”


“Cool.” I said, smirking as I looked over the three. “Listen, I get this is a bit out of the usual for you, it is for me too. So… We’re just here to test things out. See how it goes.”


 


“Not for us Motoko.” Alice said, and I looked up at her in surprise. “This is serious for us. All three of us are musicians first and only. We need work, and we need a band. For us? This is as serious as it gets.” She said looking at her chooms who nodded in agreement with her.


“Well… Okay.” I said a little lamely looking at Rebecca who just snorted at my look.


“Actin’ all shy again Strings?”


“Shut up!” I hissed at her, before sighing, as Hiromi got back. “Hiromi, I forgot, can you grab the Carnage out of the trunk of the Quadra? Go ahead and unload it first.”


“The Carnage?” Hiromi asked, and I nodded.


“Yep!”


The carnage was a real piece of shit grinding and grating when it was pumped..


Klein started setting up the drums, thankfully we all got to work, and soon it was time to start making music.


Klein on drums, Jared on Bass, and Alice taking main guitar, while I did synth and vocals. It was… Weird.


“Alright. We’re going to get the drums down first, let’s start on the opening.” I started and basically guided Klein on what I wanted. It took a few times, but he was competent enough to get started.


Jared was already strumming along to the track I’d had playing along, and I basically wandered between the three as Alice joined in, showing them what I wanted, making adjustments.


Putting together a song in a different way.


And I winked at Rebecca nodding her way at the right times as she cocked the Carnage. I did have to remind her not to cackle afterwards, but she was into it, and soon the song started coming together.


It wasn’t quick. I definitely could have finished a full track by myself faster, but…


If I ever wanted to play live, then I’d need a band that could play with me.


I was… Satisfied with Alice and her band… My band.


It had been a few hours, and I sat back taking a drink that Hiromi had ordered from upstairs, as we all listened to the mostly completed song. It was getting there, a few adjustments, some alterations, some flubs fixed, enough that the non-Rockerboys could hear the full song and get the idea.


“Ooh, I like this one.” Rebecca said smirking casually still holding the carnage and cocking it along with the song.


“Well, all of you are mercs with plenty of kills under your gun. I’d be surprised if you didn’t like the theme of the song.” I told her, casually, purposefully making sure Alice and her chooms heard and they all realized.


I’d sent a message to my chooms earlier. So they all played up the fact. Smirking and Ichi even winked at Alice, although she rolled her eyes, her two chooms didn’t.


Good. It might come out in their playing a bit if they felt that same emotion, and of course it was also useful for them to know I had a crew of mercs.


Sure they might still just see kids, but a gun was a gun. Hopefully it would keep everyone honest.


—--


The next morning I was looking through the fridge, realizing it was full of Jun’s stupid burritos and realized I would have to go out for food again.


Grumbling, I stretched and started getting ready. Noticing my Tachikoma was racing along in the video game I’d set up. They were getting better. They weren’t just crashing constantly and actually following the track.


I popped open my system as I left the apartment, checking everything over as I hit the elevator and headed down.


“Huh?”


Why did I have a Stat Point?


I had zero yesterday I was pretty sure.


I looked over the entire character sheet.


Level 21


Body 10(18) Due to Cyberization, Maximum value has increased by 8.
-Athletics 8
-Street Brawler 8
-Annihilation 5


Reflex 10(16) Due to Cyberization, Maximum value has increased by 6.
-Blades 9
-Handguns 9
-Assault 8
-Driving 7


 


Intelligence 13 (14) Due to Cyberization, Maximum value has increased by 4.
-Breach Protocol 12
-Quick Hacks 9
-Programming 13


Cool 10
-Ninjutsu 10
-Cold Blood 8
-Rockerboy 9


Technical Ability 8 (12) Due to Cyberization, Maximum value has increased by 4.
-Crafting 6
-Engineering 7


1 Stat point.
8 Skill point.


 


Perks.
Ambidextrous Blades 2
Quickdraw Handguns 2
Gun Nut Assault 2
Parkour Athletics 2
Grappling Street Brawler 2
Drive By Driving 2
Cat-like Athletics 5
Cool Nerves Cold Blood 2
Danger Sense Ninjutsu 2
Wall Breaking Breach Protocol 2
Cyber Security Quick Hack 2
Recoil Reduction Annihilation 2
Cyber Ninja Ninjutsu 5
Fearless Chill Cold Blood 5.
Improvised Weapons Street Brawler 5
Parry Blades 5
Robotics wizard Crafting 2
Drifting Driving 5
Rapid Reload Handguns 5
Design Wizard Engineering 2
Rifle Ace Assault 5
Ghost touch Breach 5
Perfect Musical Memory Rockerboy 2.
Debug Programming 2
Siren Song Rockerboy 5
Hacking Wizard Quick Hacks 5
Inspired Programmer Programming 5
A.I. Whisperer Programming 10
Slam Fire Annihilation 5
Enduring Builds Crafting 5
Robotics Engineering Engineering 5
Strong Breach Breach Protocol 10
Ninja Running Ninjutsu 10


Cyberware:
Arasaka Corporation Cyberdeck ‘Shadow’ Mk.4 *Adaptation ‘Shadow’ Mk.4 0/0*
Kiroshi Mk1 *Adaptation Kiroshi Mk1 1/2*
Militech Condor *Adaptation Militech Condor 5/5* (1 Stat Point Redeemed.)
Arasaka Smart Link System. *Adaptation Smart Link 0/0*
Arasaka Ex-Disk *Adaptation Ex-Disk 0/0*
Militech-Armalite Ballistic Guard *Adaptation Ballistic Guard 1/2*
Serano Air-Groove Ankles *Adaptation Serano Air 1/1*
MoorE Titanium Bones (Shoulders, back, and ribs. +Legs, Pelvis, and Ribs.) *Adaptation Titanium Bones 0/2*
Biotechnica Muscle and Bone Lace *Adaptation Muscle and Bone Lace 0/0*
Arasaka ODA Neural Link Mk3 *Adaptation ODA Mk.3 1/2*
Dynalar Sandevistan Mk.2 *Adaptation Dynalar Sandevistan 2/4*


Near the end I finally saw it. A shift in adaptation, and a little message next to my Condors.


“Point redeemed… Huh?” I hadn’t expected that. Sure I’d lowered Adaptation before, but… So if I pushed a bunch of adaptation points into a stat before I’d settled it, I could get those points back?


That was honestly a huge relief, even if I had decided a long time ago to just accept losing them, getting some points back?


Hehe!


What should I level up? I’d done my Sandy last time… Ugh, the deal I’d decided was Adaptation and Stat, but I was really tempted to put another point into my Sandy now!


The elevator opened and I headed out, half skip in my step as I was quite happy with the update. No, I should stick to stats for now. Besides I had a lot of stats maxed out without using a stat point…


Do I level Intelligence, or start pushing another stat beyond 10?


I instantly looked at Cool, but unfortunately, I didn’t have any of the cyberization for Cool to go beyond 10 anyways.


My eyes drifted to the small hud that I had for my Kiroshi, it was pretty early, but Vik would be awake by now… Did I want to go on a new cyberware hunt?


I sighed and shook it off, no. I would need more stat points for more adaptation for that. What I needed more than anything was cold hard numbers.


The idea sent a thrill up my spine.


Numbers? Numbers I could do. I dropped the point into Intelligence. Enjoying the nice 14 (14) number listed.


I had plenty of skill points, and I could easily pump up my netrunning now, even Programming could go up!


But more importantly, I had a lot of netrunning stuff I’d been putting off including the IP of an old server I could explore, and the Netrunning arena, which I’d been basically ignoring for a bit.


I’d been planning on focusing on my blades for a bit, but…


Well! This was fine too! Let’s get some lunch, and bug one of the chooms to come watch over me! Time to dive into the net!
