# 222. Chapter 222

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/166640083*
*Published: 2025-04-19*

---

To my surprise Sensei offered me a ride in his little Mahir Supron. The van was not exactly the sort of vehicle I would expect from a man with so many Tyger Claw connections, but it was kinda… Fitting?


In the back there was a ton of junk from the Dojo, extra shinai and stuff.


The only stop we’d made was at my Quadra to pick up my actual Katana.


I had a feeling something odd was happening, but… Well numbers gone up made everything pretty happy in Motoko brain right now.


Blade 10.


It wasn’t so much a huge jump in knowledge this time. There were no further sword stances, or ways to swing a blade, it was more… Instinct.


Swinging a blade, was a way to kill, being able to sense such a thing, was… I wasn’t sure if it was Ki, magic, or just some strange instincts, but I was willing to bet more towards instincts. I could register the smallest changes to sense when I was about to be attacked. The senses needed to tell when a bullet was being sent my way.


The senses needed to know when a blade was drawn.


Sensei was quiet as we drove out of Watson, and then up into the hills above Westbrook. North Oak was something I knew about well enough, I’d often end up driving up here when Hiromi and I were just driving around.


And then we stopped in front of a landmark I knew well.


“The Shrine?”


“Yes.” Sensei responded back with a monosyllable.


Fine be that way. I huffed as I stepped out and followed the man into the shrine. The monks noticed us of course, but not even the fact I was carrying a blade made them approach as Sensei simply walked under the Torii and then into the main shrine. There was a monk there, an older man, probably about the same age as Sensei, who nodded at our approach and then turned, guiding us even further inside.


Weird.


We entered the main shrine which was supposed to be more private I thought. Wasn’t this where the Kami of the Shrine was meant to live, and so no one was supposed to really enter?


I mean… I wasn’t the most caught up on Shinto beliefs, but I think that’s what I remember from too much anime.


Fuck don’t tell the monks all my knowledge of their religion comes from anime.


We stepped inside, and to my surprise there were two other monks inside, the two of them sitting seiza facing the door.


The monk that guided us walked across and joined them all three seemingly not even looking at us.


Sensei moved in slowly, seemingly guiding me, and I followed before taking a seiza seat before the three of them.


“Hmm.” The middle monk made a noise, an old man, with eyebrows practically flowing off his face, but it was the chrome that stood out to me.


The guy…


He wasn’t meat. That was a full borg, an FBC, a gemini, but not really hiding what it was, which was a bit weird.


I took this in instinctively. He was in a Gemini, but there were still traces of chrome appearing, his Neural Link was beefy and he had a Sandy, but…


Yeah. That was a Gemini. I was sure of it.


But then I felt it, a prickling lightning shooting up my spine, a shift in the wind, a smell in the air, the flash of light glittering off a bit of dust flowing through the room.


My action was instinct, blade drawn and raised to guard my right side as suddenly there was a shriek of a blade on blade.


The old man had moved so fast there was no registering it at all.


In his left hand was a small Wakizashi? Tanto? One of those types, and it had swung out. He’d simply leaned forward and swung at me, and I’d blocked it.


I was going to step back, to make another action but…


“Satisfied?” I asked instead. He hadn’t returned his blade, hadn’t readied a counter.


He had no intention of swinging at me again.


“Do you know the meaning of this shrine Kusanagi Motoko?” The old man asked and I had to blink as I shook my head. “Ah, you see. This Shrine worships a Kami unlike those you will find back in Japan. We are Chram Denya Jinja, the Shrine of Chrome, Night, and Electricity. The Shrine of the modern Kami.”


Wait… Was this literally a Shinto Shrine to Cyberpunk?


Fucking Cyberpunk, fucking Pondsmith. That’s actually kinda funny.


I don’t know how that actually worked with actual Shinto, whether it was just something silly that was decided on or not, but I liked it.


“And you? You have reached enlightenment. One with the Blade, in this electronic world.”


How do you respond to something like that? I just shrugged, even as I resheathed my Katana.


The old monk chuckled, smiling. “You know, and yet are unsure. It is fine. Be proud of your accomplishment. It is something that men strive lifetimes for and still fail to achieve.”


I scratched at my cheek a little. It was kind of embarrassing to be talked up so much when it was just because I’m a Gamer.


“You are the youngest in our records to ever achieve this. This shrine documents all those that achieve this within the city. We, the Elders of the Chram Denya Jinja, acknowledge a new Kensei has been born.” The three all bowed to me, and I felt even more awkward.


This felt like something big or something, and I really had no idea what was going on. Can I just go back to doing my own thing please crazy old guys?


“Okay?” I asked, because I just didn’t get it. Didn’t really understand, but the old Monk chuckled again.


“Ah, of course, youth. Have no fear Kusanagi, this is simply the tradition of old men. But there is a benefit to you. A Katanakaji will forge for you a blade worthy of a Kensei.”


I just nodded slowly… So… I’d get a new sword? Okay that’s kinda cool, I gues?.


“Come, we request only one thing, for our traditions.” And then from beside the monk on the right a box was laid out, and paper and ink?


“Please.” He offered, and the main Monk nodded as well…


“What do I do?” I asked, half whispering to Sensei who sent me a look like I was totally going to be swinging a Shinai for a few hours in punishment.


“Calligraphy. They wish to understand a new Kensei’s view of the blade.” When I just looked at him blankly for a while there was the tiniest of sighs. “Simply take the brush and write out Sword. The Kanji is there.” He pointed to the markings on the top of the box…


I nodded cause I knew what calligraphy was but… I didn’t know how to do it!


I sighed and looked at the brush, ink, and paper…


I closed my eyes. I hate when weird stuff like this is asked of me, I always feel like it’s embarrassing. It’s going to look terrible, and then they’ll judge me for something that in their eyes is important, but honestly is just some weird stupid tradition, or thing they care about.


I hate when people judge me for stuff like this. So what if I didn’t know how to write well? Or my Calligraphy was bad. I’ve never done this, and it’s not important in my life!


Fuck it. They want it? I’ll give it to them. I breathed.


In.


Out.


Cold Blood crushed every inch of thought and feeling. I even stopped my heart for all that it was possible.


I reached out, took the brush and swiped twice.


Less using a brush and more cutting the stupid paper with a sword.


There.


I breathed once more, and my heart beat, and warmth returned to my soul.


“Okay. If that’s everything? I kinda want to leave now.” I decided and rose up before anyone could say anything. No way I wanted to look at some old men's faces as they critiqued my Kanji. As if I even knew how to fucking write in Japanese.


I only knew English, and worse English.


No one stopped me as I headed out of the interior shrine, and then through the next building and out into the main paths. The sun was warm, there were people around, and that weird oppressive feeling of something happening around me I didn’t properly understand washed away.


Whatever.


This wasn’t important, I still had a bunch of stuff to do today, and I really wanted to go find Malcolm or something.


I bet he’d shoot at me, if I asked him. I totally wanted to see what deflecting a bullet was like.


Thankfully before I got too antsy and just called my ride Sensei stepped out from the shrine and motioned towards his car.


Great. Glad that’s over.


—--


Old Monk


“Teenagers.” He remarked amused as the girl fled. And yet.


The eyes of them all were on the paper.


The brush had done more than just mark the paper with ink.


He raised the paper up and grinned as the light leaked through the black ink. A Kensei so sharp she cut even meaning. A brush that cut through paper.


Yes. It was always good to see a new wonder enter the world. “Make the calls.”


His fellow elders nodded and bowed, not to him, but to the calligraphy. Enlightenment came in many ways, and from many things.


Grumpy Teenagers were usually not among them, but such was life.


—--


Sensei drove me back to the dojo without saying much, but as we stepped out he finally caught my attention.


“Kusanagi.”


“Sensei?”


“Do not foolishly believe yourself invincible because of your skill. Your death would be a tragedy.”


I blinked at his words and couldn’t help but feel my lips twitching a little.


That was actually kind of sweet in a way.


“Thank you sensei. I don’t intend to die until I’m super old. There’s too much I still want to see and do.”


“Hmm. Good.” He bowed and I returned it. Then he simply shifted and walked into the dojo.


What a weird situation.


I had achieved my goal. Blades 10, and yet it felt different from any other ten I’ve gained. Then again this was the first combat skill that was physical. Quick Hacks wasn’t something someone could just see, and Ninjutsu was on its definition about being unseen.


Those old monks… I wonder how they’d have reacted if they saw me sneaking around?


I shook off the thought and looked around. Nothing felt different, the city streets still felt and looked the same, but I couldn’t deny that something about me felt different.


Kensei. I wasn’t sure I really bought into the mystical stuff, but there had been bits of it in the games.


That one Tyger Cyberpsycho that was all about Ki, and stuff. I guess he’d still be alive. Too bad I didn’t remember what his name was, or I’d give a warning to Fujimura.


I looked down at the sword in my hand. It was my Thermal Blade. My favorite. Sheathed as it was, it's dangerous glow was hidden, but…


I looked at it, and knew that part of me was different. I held it differently, and yet the same as I ever had.


There was a part of me that wanted to draw it, and go find someone. Anyone that would let me find out how different I was, but that was stupid.


I’d already dealt with a big Scav den literally yesterday. Well, there were still my chooms cause I really wanted to test out Bullet Parry.


Cause that shit was super cool.


I shook it all off. I had so much left to do. Hiromi would want to sell some of the Scav gear we collected yesterday this afternoon, and I still needed to go see Judy.


So I just slipped the sheath through my belt and relaxed. I could use something to eat, and then I’d go see Judy. I’d see my chooms later this afternoon, and I’d bug Malcolm, or Rebecca if she showed up to shoot me then.


—--


Lizzies bar was quiet, considering it was still mid afternoon that wasn’t too much of a surprise. Unfortunately, there was no Rita, she probably worked more the night shift to help when things got rough, but I was waved inside without any issues and headed through and down.


“Judy you here?” I called out, despite being told she was.


“Who's that? Motoko?” Judy called back as I poked over the entrance to her workspace.


“Sup Judy!” I greeted, and she blinked a bit sleepily at me. She must be burning the midnight oil despite it being past noon.


“Huh. I didn’t expect to see you again.”


“What? Why?” I asked as I slipped in and took a seat across from her, idly spinning around a bit.


“It’s been a while. I figured your little BD adventure was over.”


“Nope! Just hadn’t done anything that I could really sell. Corpo stuff is a bit sketchy to put out, or Gang politics. I had a big thing with 6th Street.” I explained and she perked up as I said that.


“No shit?”


“Yep! They were out to flatline me, until I got proof there was some sketchy shit in the gang, ended up talking to their leader and giving him proof. Not exactly something I’d want to spread around you know?”


“Whoa. I don’t know, that sounds kinda preem. You sure you don’t want to spread it around?”


“Oh yeah, I’m sure. But I got a new virtu if you’re still willing? Sorry it’s been so long.”


She gave me a look for a while trying to act stern, but she cracked with a smile. “It’s fine. Nox is happy, and I guess if that’s what you've been up to I get it. What’s this one? Not some cyberpsycho shit again… Right?”


 


“Eeeeeeh.” I had to sort of trail off, cause the Onryo was not exactly… Not Cyberpsycho shit.


“Okay hold up.”


“It’s not that bad! I made a new Quick Hack and used it on some Scavs that stole my car.”


“They stole your car?”


“Yeah! I think I’ll call this BD. ‘Don’t steal my car.’ What do you think?”


“That’s certainly a title. You didn’t like…” She trailed off making grippy motions with her hands.


“Oh no, I stabbed some gonks quietly, but nothing like The Only Thing They Fear is You.” Judy really didn’t look like she believed me, but she slipped the Shard I’d given her into her system.


“Alright, I guess. Let’s do it.”


“Preem!” I cheered cause I was kinda excited it had been a while since I’d made a new BD!


Just as Judy was about to get to work though she hesitated and looked at her screen. I walked over and peered at the monitor and instantly noticed she was working on another BD. About 90% done too.


“Ugh. Sorry Motoko, I need to finish this one first. Susie wants this one done Pronto. Big client.”


“Oh no worries choom. I’m not in a rush. Whenever it’s convenient!” I waved at her and she relaxed.


“Preem. Alright let me get back to work… But if you want to do me a favor?”


“Sure choom.”


“There’s a shop down the street half a block that sells a new drink Susie won’t let me go buy it myself, but if you bring me a Shock Volt. I’ll appreciate it.”


I looked at her, and the strew of energy drink cans, and other stuff across her work space and felt a little bad. “Okay but just one. Maybe you should sleep? You look tired.”


“Eh. Maybe when I finish this one.” She waved me off and I raced away. Bringing back her very high caffeinated energy drink and then fled before anyone suspected I’d brought it to her.


Judy was happy though, so I guess I was happy.


—--


“Sorry I’m late!” I called out, as I pulled out of my Quadra to see my chooms already waiting for me.


“It’s cool choom.” Malcolm waved me off and I grinned. Rebecca, Hiromi, Ichi, and Malcolm had all beat me to the meetup because I’d gotten a bit distracted.


I’d had to send Sasha a message apologizing, and needing another day before we did another training day.


Everything that happened yesterday had sort of thrown my schedule off.


“Have we got a sale yet?”


 


“Yup!” Hiromi preened, tilting her chin up a bit as she sat on the back of Ichi’s van. The crates of loot we’d secured behind her. “Luckily this is a safe deal. Fujimura-Sama was interested in some of what we found, so we’re just waiting on him. I figured he’d be a safe offer even if you weren’t here.”


I nodded as I walked over. We were at one of the secure lots that we’d taken to renting to hold goods so that was a safe bed looking around…


“Hey Malcolm, want to see something cool?” I asked, and I could feel my inner glee prickle up as he instantly pushed off the van.


“Yeah, duh?”


 


I reached behind my back, pulled my Lexington, which caused a bit of concern from my friends, but I pulled the mag made sure there was a bullet in the chamber, and walked over to plop the gun in his hand.


Then I walked a bit away, turned and adjusted myself.


“Shoot me.”


“No!” Hiromi yelled practically shrieking, but Malcolm was already mid way through taking aim before he stopped. “Motoko!”


“Hold on Crush, I want to see where Strings is going with this one.” Rebecca called out from the back of the van as she swung her legs around excitedly.


“No! We aren’t shooting each other!”


“It’s not like he’ll hit.” I countered, and that of course earned me a lot of confusion from everyone. Malcolm even checked the pistol to make sure, and then he looked up at me when he was sure the bullet was actually inside.


“Are you an illusion or something? Got your hack working that replaces you or something?”


“Nope! That’s an idea I’m working on though. The functionality of it all is a bit wonky, between RAM usage, and trying to keep the Daemon that would be needed capable of actually replacing an entire patch of someone's vision, the co-”


“Hiromi!” Ichi called out, and I stopped to see what he wanted to say. “Just let Malcolm shoot her already. For all of our sakes.”


“Rude!” I gasped at the audacity of this bitch, and he just rolled his eyes.


Malcolm shifted from Lexington back to me, and back then he raised an eyebrow, and I nodded. Ready.


He raised his gun even as Hiromi continued to argue with Ichi, now upset at him calling for me to get shot. Rebecca was watching, having seen what was up.


And then Malcolm pulled the trigger… No, that wasn’t right. I registered it. The angle of the barrel, the way he was holding the pistol with one hand, the way the bullet would come. I drew my blade and swung, even as the sound echoed out, and then there was silence.


“Did… That just happen?” Rebecca spoke first, no longer just sitting back, but fully forward. “Tell me that didn’t just happen!”


“Holy shit!” Malcolm gasped, looking at the gun like it shouldn’t exist.


“Fuck yeah!” I cried out arms to the sky. “I AM THE QUEEN OF THE BLADE!”


“Did, what?” Hiromi whispered shocked and I danced around hooting in delight. Before turning to the brick wall and checking it. Yep there it was. A bullet hole.


“You just hit a bullet with a sword.” Malcolm said, and I turned to him with my biggest shit eating grin.


“I have mastered the blade.” I put on my fakest japanese accent while saying it, and gave a little bow.


“Okay my turn!” Rebecca called out, and I just laughed as Hiromi was even too shocked to protest.


“Sure!” I agreed easily, as Rebeccca pulled out her own Omaha, and I grinned as I set up for another clash.


“No wait! The Oma-” Hiromi called out, but it was too late. Rebecca fired.


No. I activated my Sandy. Again I swung, and then she fired. The cause and effect was off.


The bullet sparked, my awareness shifted.


Omaha didn’t just fire one bullet, but a three round burst.


The blade shifted in flight, and the second round pinged off in a flash of grinding metal, and the third I just barely managed to impose the blade and instead of the simple deflection this one spiraled up, but still missed me.


Then all was silent.


“-Ha fires three bullets!” Hiromi shrieked and then stopped looking between Rebecca and I.


“Yeah-”


“-We know.” Rebecca, and I spoke at the same time, sending each other a grin.


“It was a good test.” Rebecca offered with a shrug. “Also that was nova!”


“Yeah if I can’t handle a bit of rapid fire, what’s the point of deflecting bullets?”


“I just can’t believe what I just saw.” Ichi whispered and I sent him a look.


“I’ve been practicing the blade a lot recently! Finally got to the point where I could do it. Well do it safely anyway.”


Hiromi attacked me right after I said that and started trying to throttle me which was a little dangerous, I was holding a live blade Hiromi!
