# 225. Chapter 225

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/168023359*
*Published: 2025-05-05*

---

I woke up with a big stretch, a late night doing Rockerboy stuff meant a late morning, but I felt great after eight hours.


Sliding out of my bed I headed for the shower as I considered what exactly my day was going to be.


Hiromi and I were going to meet up during her lunch.


Before that I should probably get some things done. I had leveled again, which was just the best!


But I needed to spend my points, and it was adaptation time. As much as I really really wanted to put it into my Sandy, to get more effect out of it, I was also wanting to help Vik, so the answer was obvious.


Camillo RAM Manager *Adaptation RAM Manager 1/2*


Instantly I felt a bit of a shift in my neck, my range of motion… I could still feel the sort of hitch in the way my neck was moving, but…


It wasn’t real.


I blinked, sort of realizing it, it wasn’t an actual hitch where something was pulling or keeping me from moving my neck, but something more psychosomatic. Maybe a nerve pinched as I shifted, or something like that.


It was still there, but it… Wasn’t as annoying.


I stretched under the water and hummed. As much as I wanted to just stuff all my level ups into stats and become super powerful, it really was such an amazing relief to feel… Normal. After adapting to some of my chrome.


Well with that done I still had skill points to use.


Considering what I would be doing today?


One of my seven stored skill points disappeared, dropping me to six, as I leveled programming.


Programming 14


The flow of knowledge was… A lot. Once again, it wasn’t direct knowledge, but quirks, tricks, and processes, for programming things in a more… Virtual way.


On the fly adjustments, and ways to make programs that would better adapt to that sort of use.


Yeah, I’d have to do a go over on all my hacks soon, but I really wanted to try leveling Programming to 15, my current max before doing it, otherwise I’d just be wasting time.


So instead of spending the morning programming, I should do something else, maybe level programming again mid day and spend the rest of the day working.


Ugh. Was Alice going to ask for another practice session too?


Maybe I’d have to do some programming while playing.


My days sure were busy!


I finished my shower and headed out to get some food.


—--


I was slurping up some noodles, and eating a stick of roast something or other when I could practically feel the hostility on the back of my head.


Turning around I blinked as I had been about to reach for my sword when…


“Hayato?”


“There you are! Motoko!” She demanded all done up in her pretty Kimono, the girl stomped towards me stepping out of an expensive Villefort Alvarado.


And she was carrying a katana.


“Hey Hayato. What’s?”


“I refuse! IRefuseToAcceptThatYou!You!AreAKensei!” She babbled very fast, and her face was doing the cute flushed thing she does when she was mad about something.


“It’s sort of a thing. Want some lunch?” I offered, and she looked at me, to the vendor who looked like he was about to have a heart attack.


I was just on the side of the road at one of the little pop up food stands, getting some breakfast-lunch while figuring out what I wanted to do with my morning.


Her cheeks bulged out like a puffer fish for half a second, in a blink and you’d miss it moment, but she calmed herself and appeared as dignified as she tried to convey after a moment.


“Very well! But after, you must spar with me! I refuse to accept that you’ve become a Kensei! I fought you!”


“It’s a recent thing.” I admitted to her as she took her seat, with all the dignity a princess could while sitting at a street vendor.


The poor guy was looking half way to losing his shit, especially since there were a good few Tyger Claws, in suits all spreading out around her to keep an eye on things.


I shrugged, I’d protect Hayato if anything happened.


“Ah one Tonkotsu.” She requested and the chef instantly bowed quickly and got to cooking… Man that was waaay more than what he put into mine! Ah well, I wasn’t a princess. “I refuse to accept it!” She argued with me the moment after, turning to me and glaring.


“It wasn’t like I asked for it, Hayato.”


“I refuse!”


“Okay.” I laughed, unable to hold it back. “That’s fine honestly. It was super awkward. I was escorted to the shrine by Sensei, and these old guys-”


“The shrine elders! Motoko! Please have respect!” She said a bit high pitched, so I flashed her a smile.


“Never! But they were… Full borgs, and skilled. Very skilled.”


“Yes of course! They are the elders of the Chram Denya Jinja! Ugh! You met them! And they named you a Kensei! You!?”


“What’s wrong with me?” I mumbled, although it came out more, ‘whaz ‘ong ‘ith ma?’ since I had stopped to eat some ramen, noodles half sticking out of my mouth.


The look Hayato gave me was kinda hurtful, and then she looked up and down, and back up.


“Wude!”


“Eat your food!” She demanded at me, and I huffed, slurping up my noodles.


“Rude!”


“You are not the type I would ever think could achieve the art! You!? I refuse to believe it!”


“Last time I checked I didn’t need your permission, Princess.”


“P-Princess!? Now who is being rude!?” She demanded hotly, and I grinned.


“Still you.”


“Grrrr.” She growled, before glancing up and realizing she had the Chef right there, and instantly shifted back to polite princess mode. “After this I will test your so-called skill!”


 


“Heh! Anytime! We should do some hand to hand as well! I’ve been trying to get more practice with that. I don’t do enough.”


“Hmph!” She said in response, but it only took a single glance to see how pleased she looked to know she wanted that as well.


“So what have you been up to? Any more issues with what’s his face? Wakako is still paying me not to kill him, but I could totally do it.”


She chuckled a bit at my question and then shook it off. “Everything has been very good. Father has been bringing me into more meetings, and involving me. Your assistance… Was very important. Thank you.”


“Pfft. We’re friends, it’s not a big deal.” I waved her off, and right then a bowl of Ramen was passed over and a deeeeeep bow was offered.


She nodded and snapped her chopsticks and dug in.


—--


Gomorrah. Hadn’t been here in a while. This was the gym where I’d first met Hayato, that John had set up so we could have our first spar.


“Now then! No more waiting.” Hayato demanded grabbing a Shinai that I’m pretty sure wasn’t part of the gyms normal equipment. I grabbed the other one, and shrugged, adjusting myself and raising my shinai in front of me.


Before I could even think Hayato moved, her reactions, as always, much faster than a normal person. Yet she couldn’t break through my guard. I could read her like a book, not only because we’d sparred in the past.


Despite her incredible reaction times, there was just…


Clack clack clack. Our Shinai slapped into each other over and over and yet Hayato made no progress, she tried to push me, but instead ended up stalling out and narrowly avoiding my return swipe before trying again.


“Grr!” She growled which earned a smile only egging her on more.


Then we went at it, a constant assault as we danced around the padded floor, until finally she stopped huffing a little, and glaring.


“It’s not fair! How?”


“I swung my blade ten thousand times and became enlightened.” I told her. Then smiled brightly as I laughed. “I just sparred a whole lot, and felt like I was on the edge of it, then I fought Sensei at the Dojo all out, and it clicked.”


“That’s such… Hayato actually cursed quietly in japanese, I knew she was cursing, but not exactly what she said.


“I’ll assume you were saying how wonderful it is for your friend.” I teased and she glared before doing her rapid fire emotions as she sort of jolted, and then flushed.


“I am happy that you achieved such a thing. Motoko.”


“Eh. Hayato… I was joking.” I told her instantly because she actually sounded really sad for a second and even bowed. “Don’t be like that. We’re friends. I’d prefer the angry ranting.”


“IWasn’tRanting!” She argued back in a blur and I just giggled at her response.


“Sure choom. So want to beat my face in a bit? Put these away?” I offered, and she perked up with a happy smile at the idea.


“Yes. That sounds perfect.” I grinned, but also felt a little hesitant. Hayato… That grin was a little merciless you know?


—--


“Feel better?” I asked, as Hayato and I caught our breath.


“I do.” She said after a moment, a triumphant little smirk on her face.


I’d totally let her have a win. I mean sure I hadn’t planned on letting her punch me so hard, but it was still totally me letting her win, and not her crazy close in technique powered by Kerenzikov.


“Well I’m glad I could help.” I offered a bit flatly, and she just grinned smugly.


“Thank you for sparring with me… Also next time tell me if you become a Kensei! Otou-sama mentioned it off hand like I should know about it already! If you are going to work for me, you need to tell me these things! I was so embarrassed! He wanted to know why I hadn’t brought you in to celebrate your success!”


“What? Why? It’s just a… Thing.” I offered. “I mean-”


“Motoko!” Hayato interrupted, putting her face right up to mine. “To be called a Kensei! Is a big deal! How can you be so blase about it! You! You’ve become one of the greatest swordsmen in the entire city! No, the entire world!”


“Nah. I’m not that good yet.” I countered. Looking at my hand. I wasn’t even half way there. My own knowledge of just how high the peak was, meant I wasn’t all that proud of being called a Kensei.


This wasn’t the old world anymore, being the best swordsman didn’t cut it, when there were Cyborgs that were far above.


I could feel my lips tugging a bit as I once more daydreamed about joining them one day. Achieving the absolute pinnacle! A full Cyborg.


“You… Fine! I guess you’d know better. But still! Otou-sama wanted to hold a party! Especially since you're an affiliate, and my… My Mercenary.” She offered, tilting her head up like the Princess she was.


“Ugh… If I have to, Ojou-sama.” I teased, and giggled at the way her face flushed.


“Don’t!You!Ugh!” She scoffed and looked away. “W-We’ll set up a party so you’ll have to attend, and make sure you dress up, and make me look good, cause everyone will know you are with me!”


“Alright alright… Just let me know when. I’ll have to talk to Hiromi, and make sure we don’t have anything scheduled for the day.”


“Good! I look forward to seeing you then!” She rose up with all the dignity she could muster and walked off.


“By Hayato!” I called after her laughing as I rose up. Better get cleaned up a bit. I had a meeting with Hiromi in… Now-ish.


—--


“Well if it was the Princess, I guess I can accept you being late.” Hiromi offered, biting into her lunch that she’d had to grab alone while I was rushing back across the city.


“Yeah it was kind of a surprise meeting… She was kinda annoyed about the whole Kensei thing.”


“I still can’t believe you’re so… It’s a big deal Motoko!”


“It’s really not.” I argued back, sliding a finger towards her fries only to get slapped away.


Hehe! I didn’t even want the fries but Hiromi looked proud at her noticing my attack and fending me off.


“Stop it.” She warned then waved a fry at me. “But a party? With the higher ups in the TC, to celebrate you becoming a Kensei? That smells like opportunity to me! You should definitely do it.”


“I already said I would.”


“Yes, but I know you, and you’ll be complaining about it soon.”


“I… Okay that’s a little true, but you don’t have to point that out.”


“Yes I do. Now, I heard from Alice, you got a new studio version of that song right? Everlong. The love song?” She whispered, sounding…


Don’t tell me Hiromi liked love songs? Ugh. I shouldn’t be surprised, but nooooo! They were usually terrible!


I mean Everlong was actually a break up song, but I wasn’t going to tell her that.


“I do.” I pulled out the shard. It was the best version of Everlong we’d made last night.


She snatched it up with a deeply disturbing grin. “Yeees! I’ll reach out with my radio contacts.”


“Which you actually have.”


“Which I have!” She agreed, smiling like a loon. “I’ll definitely be able to get Ash to play it on Growl, but I’ll try to reach out to Body Heat.”


“Ugh.”


“Don’t ugh!” She argued back instantly. “Well I guess I have to listen to it first… To best figure out what stations to reach out to.” Hiromi said to herself holding the Shard close to her chest.


I rolled my eyes and just looked over at the radio on the food stand we were at.


Instantly it went quiet as I switched it to play from a shard, and then just uploaded the data.


A moment later the sound of my guitar playing came through and Hiromi perked up like I’d electrocuted her.


“Ah!” She smiled wide and I just rolled my eyes as she listened. Nodding along to the full rock version, instead of the acoustic one I’d sang on the gig.


And now if I wanted to chat with her, she’d just pout at me, so I had to listen to my own voice on the radio.


It still left me feeling all prickly, but at least it sounded okay.


—--


“Hey! Hiromi! And Motoko!” I looked up, Hiromi had finished her meal and was wasting a bit of time before she had to get back to class, but we both looked up.


I smiled a bit at the boy running up. “David. Hello.”


“Hey! You remembered!”


“What do you want, Martinez? I’m in the middle of an important meeting.” Hiromi said and I looked at her and couldn’t hide my laugh.


“Hiromi, we’re just hanging out, you were complaining about your morning classes.”


“Motoko! Don’t tell the help what our important meeting was about!” Hiromi hissed at me. David had a look on his face telling me he wasn’t buying it Hiromi but I just shrugged.


She was his boss technically. Not my place to get involved.


“Need something David?” I asked, getting the topic back to what he’d walked up to say.


“Yes! Well sort of. Sales are going well. Hiromi, ‘Don’t Steal my Car’ is selling like crazy. Nova BD by the way Motoko. The Ghost is just the best!” David offered practically vibrating and I just smiled and waved it off.


“It’s fine.”


“And this couldn’t wait Martinez?” Hiromi asked grumpily, and he looked at Hiromi for a second before shaking his head, and looking at me.


“Nope. Motoko, Ghost… Let me work for your crew.” The words caught me by surprise.


“Absolutely not!” Hiromi jumped up looking outraged, and I winced a bit too.


“We aren’t really looking for a new hire. Merc work is dangerous, you know?”


“I know! I’ve seen your BD’s! But… I want to do more than just sell BD’s. I’m good for it!”


“Motoko! You can’t listen to this! Martinez you gonk!”


“Hey!” He growled back at Hiromi, so I rose up and put myself between both of them.


“Calm down, cool off both of you. David… This is coming out of left field for us. But I can respect someone making a decision, and I’d rather if you want to try something so dangerous you do it with us rather than joining some street gang or something.”


“I want to be a merc, not some gang gonk.” He stated firmly, and I just waved my hand.


“Alright, alright.” Wow. I really wasn’t expecting this. David was supposed to stay on his path towards the top of Arasaka Tower, not this. “Listen then. Here’s my rules for anything. First. School comes first.” I demanded and he blinked at that.


“What? But! You’re a merc!”


“Yep, and I make Hiromi go to class too. Don’t I?” I said looking at my choom. Hiromi puffed out her cheeks a bit but nodded.


“Heh.” David bit off a chuckle, but Hiromi caught it.


Sorry dude she was going to make you miserable for that.


“Second. You go at my pace, my rules. No fucking around solo, or anything. You have an issue with the pace, or amount of work, or anything you come to me, you don’t just rush off doing something stupid. You fuck that up, and you’re out, full stop. I won’t have your dead body on my conscience.”


 


“I won’t! You know what you’re doing!”


“Good… In that case, you have a weapon?”


His blink face would have told me the truth if I didn’t already know.


“Yep, figured. You do any jogging, any exercise?”


Another blank look.


“Mhmm.” I trailed off sounding pretty judgemental.


“I-I can start?”


“Yes you can.” I agreed, and then because I wasn’t going to just leave him to flounder on his own, that wasn’t fair I considered… I was tempted to send him to Sensei, but he lived out in Arroyo. “I’ll talk to Hiromi about setting up some group exercise time. I’ve been slacking about getting Ichi and Malcolm training.” I mentioned looking at Hiromi who nodded slowly.


“Should we join a gym?” She asked, and I shrugged.


“Gym could be useful, but just a place to shoot and run around a bit would work. Maybe not on the badlands this time… Unless taking care of some Raffen would be considered training?”


“It’s not.” Hiromi said flatly, but I broke into a smile, because it had been a joke and she knew that.


“Then… You’ll let me join the Ghost crew?”


“Section 9.” I said back instantly. “And we’ll let you join our training for a bit, to see what happens. No promises. Not everyone is cut out for merc work… Some don’t put in enough effort, and some? Some put in too much, so instead of a strong flame, they burst into an explosion, and then snuff out.”


He didn’t quite seem to process what I said.


Great. Now I had to somehow get David, I’m going to go full out without stopping, Martinez to chill.


“Oh and no chrome.”


“Huh?”


“If you join, you’re going to start making eddies, no chroming up like a gonk.” I demanded and he blinked as if the thought hadn’t even reached him, but then he looked me up and down.


“Don’t you chrome up?”


“Yeah but I’m built different.” I said fighting off the smile at using his own stupid words against him. “And even then I do it slowly and carefully. That’s my rules.” I ended firmly.


“Right, sure! Whatever you say!”


“Ugh. Motoko!”


“Relax Hiromi. We’ll give him some exercise, and see how he does. I'll probably give him to Malcolm, it’ll be good for him to help train someone for his own sake as well.”


“You want Malcolm to train him? Malcolm?”


“Yeah, it’s a great idea!” I offered, smiling and Hiromi just scoffed.


“Do what you want.” She grumbled, but she was glaring at David.


It’s fine Hiromi, you’ll see!


Not long after as both Academy students headed back to class, Hiromi obviously grumbling at David as she walked away I pulled up my character sheet and dropped the next skill point into Programming.


Programming 15.


Time to get to work.
