# 234. Chapter 234

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/187995766*
*Published: 2025-10-10*

---

“Wake up! Wake up! Wake up!” I groaned as I rolled over throwing my pillow over my head.


There goes my potential eight hours.


“Hiromi.” I grumbled as she kept cheerfully calling out, bouncing up and down on my bed.


“It’s time to wake up Motoko! We have so much to do!” She called out, and I just grumbled a bit. What time was it? The fact I hadn’t woken up naturally after eight hours meant it was super early.


“Hiromi, it’s early.” I grumbled as I sat up, looking at my choom who was practically buzzing with excitement. She looked like someone had given her some of those super dangerous energy drinks. “Did you even sleep?”


“A little! But we have our meeting with MSM Records! We have to go in and sign! C’mon c’mon c’mon!”


“Do we have to do it this early?”


“Yes! This was the time we agreed to head in… Do you need an energy drink? Breakfast? Are you too tired?” She suddenly shifted from leaping on me to worried.


“What? No, it's fine. Not the first time I’ve been woken up early.” I yawned as I stretched out, letting the play of muscles flow through me, from my fingers down through my chest to my core, to my legs to my toes. “Alright let me get ready. What’s so important about doing this so early? Shouldn’t Rockerboys get a ‘don’t do anything until after noon’ pass?”


Hiromi scoffed at my joke as I slipped out of bed and started looking for a pair of jeans… Crap had I forgotten to do laundry?


Sweaty dirty jeans were probably not a great first impression to a bunch of corpos…


Then again, I smiled. It’s not like I cared, and I doubt they did too.


I found a mostly clean pair and under Hiromi’s not so pleased eye shook them out and slipped in.


“Really Motoko?”


“I forgot to do laundry! I’ve had a busy week!” I argued and Hiromi looked so disappointed in me for a moment.


“We should stop at a clothing store, we can buy a new pair before we get there.”


“Hiromi, I’m not buying a new pair of jeans just to meet some corpo guys and sign a contract.” I argued, as I turned and continued getting ready.


Pointedly ignoring Hiromi's glare.


—--


We pulled into the MSM Records parking garage, and found a spot, Hiromi taking care of the parking pass and everything apparently, we were already keyed in to their security?


Either way I found a spot and stepped out feeling the slight stretch of brand new jeans as I moved. Hiromi was acting so smug.


Ignoring that we both walked over to a security checkpoint, that after they scanned us we were waved inside.


“Alice and the others are already here… They didn’t have to stop for clothes.” Hiromi whispered the last part at me, so I jabbed her with an elbow, earning a yelp.


“Yep, if only someone hadn’t started cry-”


“I didn’t! It was an effective tactic to get what I wanted!” She argued and I looked at her.


That hadn’t been faux crying.


I reached over and patted Hiromi on her head. Which made her get a little red as she puffed up at me. “This has to go perfect.” She whispered, demanding and I nodded.


“I know. Hiromi worked super hard on this, so I’ll do what I can to make sure it all goes perfectly.”


“Yes, exactly! Motoko worked hard on this too, so I’d hate to have all her work go in the dumpster because of stinky jeans.”


“They weren’t stinky!” I hissed and Hiromi just sent me a smug look as the elevator door opened.


“Welcome to MSM Records!” A well dressed Secretary called out as we stepped off from the elevator. “Oh hello! Motoko Kusanagi, and Manager Hiromi Mitsunashi! We’ve been expecting you!” The woman called out and I nearly flinched at just how chipper she sounded.


“Thank you.” Hiromi said confidently as she strode forward. “Our meeting should already be ready?”


“Yes Ma’am! Please follow our guide to the office!” She waved to our right where another woman was already waiting offering us a little bow and a big smile.


And of course a very low neckline. Right, this was a record company. Of course they knew what their usual clients would be like.


We followed the woman down the hall, and then we could hear the noise before we reached it.


The boys Jared and Klein both were making a fuss of some sort, I could just barely recognize their voices.


Then we were guided to the door and it swung open.


“Apologies for the interruption. Motoko and Hiromi are here.” The guide called out and stepped aside letting us enter.


“Yo! Motoko! Come in check this out!” Jared called out, he was still wearing his Rockeroy set up, with all his flashy lighted clothing.


There was a person I didn’t know sitting up against the desk in the middle of the room. Ian Carver, the rumpled man looked slightly less rumpled than last night, and he was sitting back watching everything with a sharp look in his eye.


Alice was actually the one to fill me in. “This is Raney! She’s the lead for Point Break Candy!” She gushed and I just nodded, looking the woman over.


“Nice to meet you.”


“Hey you as well! Welcome to MSM. Ian is the one that found me as well. So he asked me to be here for the meet and greet.” She offered, languidly. Her smile was fairly fake, I don’t think she really wanted to be here, but she was trying at least.


“Raney here is working on a new single, everything we’ve heard is that it’s going to hit the top of the charts.” Ian spoke, smiling with a sharpness like a shark. “But we aren’t here just to talk up the talent of MSM Records, or just how much we can help a new musician rise to the top. We’re here because Stand Alone Complex is joining our illustrious family.”


There was already a contract on the table, and I noticed it was already opened, and it looked like Alice, Klein, and Jared had already signed. Hiromi sent them a look because of it, but she moved forward like a shark herself, smile just as sharp.


“Of course Ian. We’re all here because we can help each other make a whole load of eddies.” Hiromi said cutting to the heart of the matter, she picked up the contract and started looking through it, obviously going to specific sections and nodding pleased.


“You’ll find it’s the contract we agreed upon last night. No need to rock the boat now. You got what you wanted Ms. Hiromi.”


“Good.” She said firmly, and then looked at me. “You just need to sign.”


“Sure, let me just sign my soul away.” I mumbled as I walked over. I trusted Hiromi though, and honestly, even if I read through this stupid contract I wouldn’t understand it. They were made that way.


So I flowed my signature across the page. Besides, there was a secret to contracts and laws and things that most people didn’t like to accept.


If you murder enough people, they weren’t worth the paper they were printed on. I smiled at the man behind the desk as I finished my signature.


“Well congratulations then!” Raney said, her wild hair shifting as she leaned off the desk. “Welcome to the MSM Family. I hope we end up working together, and hope we don’t end up competing.” She said, offering a wink at the boys when she said that, earning smiles from them both.


“Thanks.” I said even though I had no idea what was going to happen next. What a shift.


I just signed a contract to make music for a record label.


What was I thinking? I killed people for a living!


“And now my new friends, and family, we celebrate!” Ian called out, and the door opened, and in came a cart pushed by the guide woman with alcohol… Lots of alcohol.


“Hell yeah!” Klein called out, arms rising up into the air showing off his bare chest and cyberware as he rose to get a drink.


It only took a second but I noticed the guide woman was already flirting with him.


I rolled my eyes, but Alice instead shifted to Raney, looking almost awe struck as she awkwardly tried to chat, and looked super excited when the woman responded positively, and soon Alice was asking all sorts of questions about Raney’s path through MSM.


I ignored the drinks, and noticed Hiromi was chatting with Ian. Setting up plans and plots already from what I could hear.


Jeeze how did I get myself into this sort of thing?


—--


Unfortunately while the party seemed to carry on in the background, the actual meeting wasn’t over, and there were plans. Thankfully Hiromi took care of most of it.


Ian wanted Stand Alone Complex in MSM’s studio to record an official album, along with a sound editor to spice them up, and all that sort of thing.


That wasn’t where it ended though.


“No.” I argued back, as Ian had offered an in studio ripper, along with some sponsored chrome. “I already have a ripper, and he’s the only one I trust, and I can’t just put in garbage. I’m a merc.”


“Well, there are some issues with your chrome Motoko.” Ian offered, kindly, but I noticed he was basically ignoring what I had said. “We don’t have a deal with Arasaka to sponsor their chrome, so that Neural link has got to go. And maybe some adjustment to your arms? We do have a great deal with Kiroshi. Feel like getting a real upgrade?”


I looked at the man with my face blank.


“Of course that goes for all of you! Any of you want a pair of brand new Kiroshi?” Ian offered, and I could see Alice and the others were interested.


Heck so was I. I still had a pair of old Mk.1’s An upgrade, especially a free one sounded preem.


I shook my head. “I’m not changing my chrome.” I said bluntly, so there was no confusion.


“Come now Motoko, it’s not like we won’t pay for the upgrades. You’re one of us now, we’re going to take care of you, but there are some things we will need in turn. Surely you like the idea of some custom work? Those arms of yours, they’re pretty standard, how’d you like something a bit more high end? Trust me kid, if you’ve never had really custom work done, it’s completely different.”


I felt my fists clench at the mention of my arms. The rubber pads rubbing together over and over as I was really thinking about showing him just how good my arms were.


“Ian.” Hiromi spoke cutting in as she sidled up to me. “While I do appreciate what you are saying, and of course we will take MSM’s request under advisement, let’s not push such things so quickly. Motoko’s chrome is as much a part of her, as her ability to play the guitar. Let’s give her some time to adjust, and maybe show her what you have in mind first?”


I blinked at Hiromi as I pouted at her, and she shot me a smile.


“Well I don’t know about Motoko, but I wouldn’t mind some upgrades.” Alice offered smiling as she leaned against the table. “What else does MSM have to offer her Rockerboys besides Kiroshi?”


“Lovely! We have a few brand deals, there is a small cost, a few interviews and the like, maybe some modeling work, but that’s part of the package already. In turn we can get top of the line custom work. You want your persona to have a certain flair, I promise Kiroshi, and our other partners are more than happy to work with you.” He said, and Alice lit up.


I relaxed, yeah yeah, I already knew this was going to be part of it.


But I swear to god if he ever said something about my look being workshopped I was going to throat chop him. The idea of a group of random people with terrible attitudes deciding what I should look like filled me with utter disgust.


I just needed this to be over so I could get back to focusing on the Militech gig. I think I’ll take a nice break after this and do some exploring the showrooms security…


“Hey.” I broke in, suddenly getting Ian’s attention. “Do you have a deal with Militech? There is something I always wanted to do, but never could.”


“We have a brand deal with a few Militech subsidies. You’d be surprised at how often a music video needs some military equipment. But we also work with Kunoshita Chipware, Klemperer Photo-Optical Systems, and Combat Fashion Inc.”


“I’ve never heard of any of those.” I admitted, and Ian smiled.


“Then we obviously haven’t been doing a good enough job. Perhaps you’ll become the face of our corporate partnership?” He said, his smiles stretching out, and I felt like he was plotting.


“Maybe, anyways, I always wanted to check out the Militech Showroom.”


“Ah, well, that’s a bit of an odd request, but hell, why not? Perhaps in exchange we can talk about some minor changes to your chrome?” He asked, and I bit back my denial.


“We can talk about it. No promises.”


“Excellent! I’ll send an email out to set it up, but let me not make the four of you think that is the extent of what MSM is about. How about we continue to celebrate by visiting our studios, and you can see just what becoming part of the MSM family will do for your career?”


I sighed and followed as everyone excitedly headed out of the room, hands still full of drinks, although I noticed the guide taking the push cart of booze and following along with us.


Jeeze.


The studio was nice though.


—---


“Free!” I shouted as I flopped onto the couch. My life was so fucked up.


“Welcome home Motoko. How was MSM?” Jun asked me. He’d watched as I crashed into the apartment, and stomped over to the couch to flop face forward onto it without saying a word until then.


“I feel like I sold my soul to the devil and everyone is congratulating me. It’s fine I guess. I’ll just kill them if they ever fuck me over. You?”


“Everything is normal, come on, talk to me about it.” He prompted reaching over and nudging my shoulder.


“They want me to change chrome.”


“That’s good! Rockerboys tend to get really high end stuff.”


“They get high end flashy junk. I like substance.”


“You’ll be able to get both. If they try to give you scop then just don’t take it.” He rumbled and I rolled over so I was looking up at him.


“It felt weird.”


“It’s something new, you’ll get used to it. Do they talk to you about… Is it recording an album, or are you just taking your already recorded songs and doing that?”


“They want to re-record everything. I’ve got the feeling I’ll be fighting the sound editor constantly to not fuck with my songs… But it should be pretty fun. They want me to replace my arms.” I mentioned quietly, a little annoyed at how pushy they were about it.


“You should, your arms are Condors right? Those were only ever meant to be temporary.”


“I like them. They’re tough, and they do everything arms can do.”


“You could get better, you know?”


“I know! I just… I like’em. They’re mine.” I argued and Jun just reached over and patted me on the shoulder.


“Whatever you want is what’s important.” He decided using his ‘I’m a wise older brother,’ voice.


“Maybe I should… They’re not exceptionally functional. I keep them mostly cause they’re tough, but… I could get something stronger.”


“Strong is good.”


“It just… It feels wrong to change myself because some corpo said I should.”


“Hiromi.”


“Doesn’t count!” I argued back at his dead pan word.


“Well whatever you end up choosing I know it’ll be a good choice. You get worried about the weirdest stuff sometimes.”


“Yeah well… I did get a benefit.”


“Oh yeah?”


“I wanted to go to the Militech Showroom.”


“Ooh.” Jun said, perking up a bit as well. “Seriously?”


“Yeah… Okay don’t tell anyone, don’t even breathe about it… I might be scoping the place out for a heist.”


“What.” Jun’s flat statement had me laugh.


“So they have a store room under the showroom. There is a lot of high end equipment down there, and I might be considering breaking in and stealing some stuff.


“Motoko…”


“I know it’s dangerous, but they have some crazy stuff that I want!”


“Motoko… I’ve never been more proud of you in my entire life.” He said, almost sniffling and then reached out and pulled me into a hug….


“Fuck off!” I shouted jabbing at him. What an asshole!


“Okay okay! Easy with the punches you gorilla.”


“I’ll show you Gorilla.” I growled at him, but he held up his hands.


“I’m joking. Well not exactly. Are you sure? That sounds really dangerous, and you got your Rockerboy job now. Anything they might have you can just wait a little bit and buy it. Right?”


I hesitated, because Jun saying something like that was… If Jun could register it was dangerous, that was saying something.


“I know, but… I had the idea before all of this, and I still want to do it.”


“Alright… Damn… I’m in.”


“Jun! I’m not asking for help.”


“Yeah but I want in anyways. You can’t do something that preem without bringing me in.”


I looked at his stupid smug face and rolled my eyes. “If. If! I do bring you in, you can’t actually tell anyone Jun. The whole point is to do it without Militech ever finding out who did it. The only person that will ever know besides me is Yoko who is giving me some data to get the job done and she wants something from inside the storeroom.”


“I still want in.” He argued and I sighed.


“Fine, I’ll let you know.”


“Nuh-uh. That’s Motoko talk for I’m going to forget to tell you. I’m helping, so what do you need?”


“To visit the showroom, and get a sense for things on the inside, then I need to do some netdives and check the security from that end. Then probably make or buy some equipment to turn off the security, or let me bypass it all.” I explained ticking off my fingers.


“Preem.” He said and he sounded like an excited kid.


I just rolled my eyes. “Fine. I guess I could use some help with it. But probably just on the exfiltrating. Depending on the security, only I might be able to actually sneak in.”


 


“Whatever!” He said and I just rolled my eyes again.


—---


The next day I woke up after actually sleeping for eight hours with a weird sense.


I had… Work?


Like work that wasn’t something I chose to do. I had hours that I had to go into the studio and… Work.


Like a job.


Me! Who the hell decided to give me a job? I’m crazy!


I groaned and actually rolled off the bed. First I needed to clean up and get ready. I was in the middle of my shower when Hayato texted me.


*Hayato: A car will arrive to pick you up tomorrow evening. I will see you then. Please be on your best behavior! I do not want you to embarrass yourself, or me!*


*Motoko: What are you talking about, I’m perfect! I never embarrass anyone! :P*


I laughed as I could practically feel the way Hayato was probably slamming her agent trying to send a message arguing the exact opposite as I finished washing out the shampoo in my hair.


*Hayato: THAT IS NOT TRUE!*


*Motoko: I’ll be a good girl. I got a fancy Kimono and everything. Don’t worry. I won’t even kill anyone. Wakako still pays me not to murder the only one I really want to.*


*Hayato: YOU ARE DIFFICULT! I WILL SEE YOU TOMORROW!*


I laughed as I got out of the shower, Hayato really was a riot.


Today was work, lots of music and recording and arguing with people and tomorrow I’d be heading to the Tyger Claws big end of the year bash, and dealing with that.


I should just disappear and live in a cardboard box in an alley. Maybe Morgan Blackhand was secretly right?


Considering it for a bit as I got dressed I reminded myself that Cardboard boxes weren’t comfortable and didn’t have A/C or a couch to flop on.


So that was right out.


So instead of disappearing into the city to live on the streets and live as a ghost I guess I had… Work.


Like a job.


Me!


Seriously, I was crazy and I wouldn’t give myself a job. Ian must be insane!
