# 239. Chapter 239

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/214149631*
*Published: 2026-03-18*

---

“So Alex has set up a gig, or rather he set everything up, including putting money down before mentioning it to me.”


“Do I kill him now?” I asked, as I slurped up some noodles.


Hiromi hid a little smile, and didn’t say anything for a few moments. “No. Frankly, I’m using what he is doing to learn from it. The gig is solid, and he threw it at me to okay it, although it was very much a trap. If I refuse then MSM loses eddies, and companies like that?”


“They aren’t in the business of losing eddies?” I added at her pause and she nodded. She leaned down, her hair hiding her face for a second as she slurped up her own noodles. The two of us having our fairly annual lunch dates on her school lunch break.


“So we do it?”


“We do it. If you’re up to it?”


“Yeah sure I guess.” I grumbled. Hiromi nudged me.


“Hey if you don’t want to?”


“Nah, it’s fine. They just refuse to stop trying to mess with my chrome.”


“Speaking of, you talked to Vik about the upgrades right? The Eagle?”


“He basically called me an idiot if I refused.” I admitted, a bit embarrassed and Hiromi laughed at me.


“Did he now? What a surprise.”


“Teasing me is forbidden.”


“Me? Tease my best choom?” She said airlily, and I nudged her, earning a giggle before returning to my noodles. I grabbed the nearly empty bowl and tipped it back. Draining it dry.


“I’m going to accept the showroom thing… And I guess I'll hear more about their Eagle deal.”


“I’ll let MSM know, and send the requirements.”


“Requirements?”


 


“Of course! MSM might have their own expectation of brand deals, but that’s not how we work!” She called out slurping up her own noodles again. Which meant I had to just stare at her in confusion, no idea what she was talking about. “We’ll put our own requirements for the deal through. Things like only Vik works on the chrome for installation.”


“Oh! Yeah that’s obvious.”


“It is to us, but a lot of those brand deals? They’re going to want their own rippers to install their chrome.”


“Not happening.”


“Hence why we are firm. It might cost you though.”


“How?”


“They might push for more brand stuff. Photo shoots, maybe something crazy like a commercial. Maybe they’ll put you on Chip In?”


“Ugh.”


“I’ll haggle for an easier time.” She said hand reaching up to grab my arm and squeezing.


“Thanks Hiromi. I can’t believe that jerk didn’t send you the invite last night.”


“It’s fine.” She said in a tone that told me it very much wasn’t fine. “We’ll just use it as an obvious example of him causing trouble for Stand Alone Complex.”


“The others might not agree.” I said quietly and Hiromi nodded.


“I know. I’m already expecting him to seduce the others.”


“Well he won’t get me.” Then I smiled. “I wonder when he’ll try something stupid. If Kitty’s warning is real.”


“Then kill him.” Hiromi said with complete finality. “That’s what he’s there for. We’ll let him work hard, and the moment he steps over the line, just like we planned. You’ll murder him, as a warning to MSM.”


 


“To Murder, for solving all of life's little problems.” I offered, lifting my drink and Hiromi raised hers as we clinked it together.


—---


“Motoko! I was worried you were going to be late.” Alice called out as I entered the recording studio.


“Sorry, there was a bit of traffic. I said I was on my way.”


“I know but still… Ah, nevermind. I’m just used to more unreliable frontmen I guess. You aren’t him though.” She said with a sigh, as I was tugged through the studio into the recording booth.


“What are we working on tonight?”


“Well, we were kinda thinking of that love song of yours.”


“Everlong? Yeah we can do that. Which version, acoustic, or?”


“Definitely the Rock version.” Alice said, and I just shrugged, sounded fine to me.


“Ah there she is! Thought you were going to play hooky tonight.”


“Klein, sorry, traffic.”


“Ah it’s fine with me. Just means more time at the bar!” He called out as he walked past me up to the drum set.


“Try not to drink too much.” I reminded, but Jared laughed as he entered, and grabbed his guitar.


“Not all of us have ice in our veins Klein and I need a little drink to cool off.”


I just sent him a flat look. Whatever bro.


“And everyone is here!” I rolled my eyes. No, not everyone was here. Hiromi couldn’t make it tonight. But Alex liked that.


“Alright, you lot have your song choice for the evening? We got the sound studio working, hopefully Motoko, as absolutely amazing as you are, can you let him do a bit more work tonight?”


“Only if he doesn’t fuck it up.” I said, and since everyone was already ready, I instantly started strumming. The mic went dead as Alex wasn’t about to speak over a recording, and I warmed up as the others prepared.


We got through most of the song before Jared fumbled a note, and we called for a stop.


I grabbed a bottle of water and drank down the brand name “Real Water” with a fancy bottle that was just the same slop everyone drank.


What a life.


“Motoko, got a sec?” I looked up as Alex called, and I felt my eyes narrow.


I put the guitar down, and headed into the booth, and found Alex looking proud of himself as always as the recording tech worked to mess with the song.


I could already tell I was going to have to yell at him to stop fucking with the song.


“Sup?”


“We got a response back from Militech about the endorsement deal. They-”


“Okay but why isn’t Hiromi talking to me about this. She’s the Manager.” I cut him off, delighting in once again popping the guys ego as he had a bit of sharpness around his eyes at my words.


“Of course, last discussion will be with Ms. Mitsunashi, but this is just an update. Militech is very pleased with your acceptance. They aren’t quite so pleased with you requesting your own ripper. Militech has offered to have specialists flown in, absolute top of the line Doctors.”


“Doesn’t matter to me. Vik is the only guy that gets to put his hands inside me. So if they want to see things, then talk to him, maybe he’ll accept having it done in some fancy hospital, otherwise no.”


 


“I understand some attachment, but-”


“Alex. You seem like a smart guy. So understand. Vik is the only man that messes with my Chrome. Period.”


“I’ll do my best to handle the discussions with Militech.” He offered, sounding like he was pulling teeth.


“You mean Hiromi will handle the discussions. She should be the main point of contact, as she’s my Manager and already understands my limits.”


“Of course. Ms. Mitsunashi is cc’ed on all the communications.”


“She’d better be.” I said with finality and turned away.


God this guy was such a creep.


—---


I stomped out of the MSM recording studio amped up, but not in a good way.


Arguing with Alex, arguing with the studio tech that kept trying to electronic up Everlong. Arguing with the band that wanted that.


It was an infuriating experience.


“Just remember the eddies Motoko. They’re paying you so much money to deal with them… And murder is on the table.” I reminded myself breathing out, my breath steaming a little in the cold december air.


It was cold tonight. Even for California. Enough that I should probably put on some more clothes.


Instead I walked through the parking garage, my Kusanagi waiting for me, and without hesitation I started her up, and then hit the gas, peeling out of the garage, uncaring about the tire marks left behind.


There were already a ton anyways. Not like I was the first Rockerboy to peel out in happiness, or anger.


At the exit I had two choices. Left, to head back home, or right.


I jerked the bars, nearly popped a wheelie with how much gas I gave it, and turned right.


I didn’t know where I was going, but I was going there fast. I hit the gas, for once being a bad driver and just moving.


I was in the middle of downtown, and honestly I wanted to be anywhere but. I swerved in and out of traffic, and definitely broke more than just a few speed laws.


But I didn’t care.


Fuck it! If I got a ticket, then it would be up to MSM to bail me out. That was actually part of the contract. A Stupid little detail.


But eventually the frustration boiled off, and I slowed down and I stopped at a red light. Idling under the light, keeping an eye on everything around me, and just trying to figure out what I was even doing.


Then I heard it. Shouts and cries, but not of fear or anything.


Shifting a bit I looked up. On one of the buildings across the road at the top I could see the lights, and sounds, and the unmistakable sound of someone fighting…


I turned, popping up onto the curb from the light and slowly drifted down the sidewalk until I think I found the right building.


Mostly because of the goons that were standing outside it, and waving people in.


“Yo. Fight up top?”


“Fifty eddies for a ticket.” The man grunted. Valentino, not Animal or something, so this was probably safer.


I parked and nodded, flashing the guy fifty eddies, even though I was fairly certain he was lying about the cost, and walking up.


“Yo chica, don’t recognize you.”


“Sup choom.” I greeted back. The Tino was in the elevator with a girl and they were heading up, but he had actually held the door. “First time here. Saw the commotion, decided to take a look.”


“Hoo, A cherry popper tonight ey? Alright, come on I’ll show you around. I’m Juanito.”


“Motoko.” I offered and the girl nodded at me.


“Maria.”


“So you like fights? Enjoy a little action ey?”


“I’m frustrated, annoyed, and I could use something fun to do. That’s all.” I explained, and he chuckled at that.


“Well Chica, this’ll be something fun alright!” He laughed as the elevator door opened, and a wash of noise hit me.


Screaming people calling out to kill him, and waving arms. Music was playing a radio somewhere as well, but it was drowned out by the sound of the screaming calls.


Ah, so that’s what was going on.


An old rooftop pool, empty now, but everyone was gathered around. Tino’s and others, everyone here obviously looking for a good time.


I walked into the crowd, seemingly losing Juanito instantly as I slipped among the crowd, relaxing because here I wasn’t being doted on every second, or smugly wormed up to.


People jostled and knocked me around until I got to the front.


There I watched a fight go on.


A tino, and a sixth street banger. Metal skull and little red horns all up his skull, quite the bit of chrome were circling each other.


Across the pool was a 6th Street contingent as well. On the opposite side of the Tino’s I noticed.


Around the pool plenty of people were sitting half way into the arena, and I winced as the Tino was knocked back smashing into the leg of one of the guys hanging out, a nasty crack echoing out, as the Tino got back up to fight ignoring the scream of pain from the guy whose leg he just broke.


There was a moment I couldn’t help but think back to my own previous experience in something like this.


The toxic stink of Maelstrom breath, and the feeling of being pushed into an arena to fight to the death.


It would have scared me back then, to be reminded of it. Now I just smirked. “Yeah fuck him up!” I cried out, getting into the atmosphere.


Fuck it, when in Rome.


The fight ended fairly quickly, the Tino guy had a bit of a glass jaw, an the 6th Street banger had chrome fists.


Literally.


I was laughing along with most of the crowd when the poor Tino guy was hauled out having pissed himself.


“Someone clean this shit up! I can’t fight in this!” The Chrome head called out, earning more laughs at the trail of yellow in the arena.


Apparently this was something accounted for as bunch of water was dumped over the edge, and then a shop vac was used to dry it back up.


“Place your bets folks, place your bets! Can anyone defeat the American Devil!” A loud voice called out, and most of the crowd booed.


Ah so this guy was the heel huh.


I just laughed along even shifting to sit over the edge.


Splash zones were just fine if you weren’t squeamish about blood after all!


This was kinda fun. I even started running my Braindance cause this was turning into a pretty fun memory.


Another fight started, another Tino, and this poor guy really gave it his all, but the “American Devil” was actually more than just a thug. He was a tactical fighter, slipping and juking. He had boxing training, and the poor Tino was just a kid trying to earn some rep.


He went down, and the crowd roared, even I roared along with them!


I should come to fights more often!


The 6th Street ganger walked to the edge of the pool taking a short break. He got passed a red cup of beer. He turned and roared to the crowd as everyone raised their own drinks to him. The reigning champion so to speak.


Then he poured half of it over his face as he tipped it back roared again and then chucked the cup.


He’d probably meant to aim straight up over the crowd, but instead either he had missed the throw or just wasn’t very good at it, or maybe his hand was cramped up from punching gonks in the face.


I should not come to fights more often.


I spit beer for a moment, shocked at what just happened. He’d almost literally smashed the rest of the cup into my face, then he laughed.


“Hey fuck you asshole!” I roared out pointed and he just laughed louder throwing a motion that could only mean for me to suck his dick.


Oh it was fucking on now.


“Fuck that! You and me! I’m fucking kicking your ass!” I roared out and slipped from the edge right into the pool.


Now normally a teenager getting into a pit fight would be met with some hesitation, but this was fucking Night City.


The crowd roared, and no one at all cared that I was a girl.


I grinned feral as I clenched my fists.


This…


This was exactly what I needed.


I should come to fights more often!


“Oh a new challenger! Introducing Beer to the face girl!” The speaker at the side of the pool called out and then he along with the entire crowd started laughing.


Okay he was next.


Instead I shook it off.


Fists raised up.


The American Devil didn’t hesitate, moving in with swift movement, entirely intending on killing me.


My grin was definitely feral as I juked in, surprising the guy with a quick switch of my Sandy, letting me slide right into his guard, fist raised up, and smashing into his face.


He rocked backwards, jolting as his arms came up to guard and he actually danced a bit avoiding my follow up punches.


I cancelled the Sandy and jerked back as he swung, his fists cracked as he swiped at me.


He was a better fighter than me.


Perfect.


“You bitch.” He said, flatly, almost tonelessly, as the space let him lean up and feel at his nose.


He was bleeding a bit.


“Come on time to get your ass kicked.” I told him, and then he snarled, he activated his own Sandy and burst in, jolting side to side, and I just laughed, as I tried to match him.


His fist plowed into my guard rocking me back, as I juked his follow up body shot, and then he reared back and kicked me.


The donkey kick would have absolutely destroyed me, if I hadn’t seen it coming, and reached up, both hands catching the kick and instead of completely flattening me, he only sent me flying into a roll, which I then came back up with a laugh.


He was a good boxer, but not much else. His fighting outside of that wasn’t nearly as good.


Could I beat him?


I honestly didn’t know, he was tough, his skull was definitely an armored brain case of some sort, maybe even shock absorption to keep his brain from getting rocked around. His fists were pure chrome and hard, ready to tear and puncture.


His arms raised up, and mine did the same, the two of us calculating as we moved in.


The real secret to fighting was to hit the other guy without getting hit yourself. Unfortunately he was kinda better than me, so I only had one choice.


Beat his ass until he stopped.


Our fists smashed out, and now that his sandy was cycling he wasn’t any faster than I was, our fists rocked out, smashing into each other's arms, trying to find a weakness, trying to smash through into each other's face.


I felt blood on my face. Tasted it.


And yet, this guy was definitely not reacting well to me just hammering into his face just as hard as he was into mine.


Every one of his blows was monstrous, but he wasn’t ready for me just not caring, and hitting him back just as hard.


We broke apart for a moment, and I could feel his hesitation which was exactly what I wanted when the radio changed.


“Eyes boring a way through me~”


I laughed, despite the pain because that was me!


“Hey, it's my song!” I called out chipperly, and rushed him. He flinched, rolling backwards and nearly tripping to make some space.


I activated my Sandy.


He was off balance. I couldn’t hit him from the front, he still had enough guard for that, but his sides were completely open.


I ran, right up the side of the pool, he was backed into one of the corners which made it perfect.


My boots gripped, until I reached all the way to the top, my boot planting right in between the crotch of some poor gonk as I launched myself.


Hopefully I’d only squished his nuts a little, but it sent me flying at American Devil sideways from above. He only just got his fists back up properly expecting me in front of him, when my aerial punch slammed into his jaw with all my weight, my ankles full force, and every ounce of extra power I could get out of my body in the air.


He flopped over, as I hit the ground and rolled coming up onto my feet to keep fighting, but he wasn’t getting up.


“Huh. Guess that was just a little too much for you.” I said, and then because the guy had done it to me earlier, I walked over and kicked him in the nuts.


“Suck on that bitch.”


“Fuck!” The roar went over the crowd as I looked up. The 6th Street gangers were up on their feet and pissed, the Tino’s were up on their feet laughing, at their opponents, and the crowd was going wild.


Then I saw the guns.


Shit. Quick hack, even if one of my eyes was having a bit of trouble seeing through the blood dripping into it. Stupid forehead cut.


[Mass Weapon Glitch]


I activated it, sending it rolling through the 6th Street Bangers, as they were losing their cool. The Tino’s were looking like they were reaching too, but it was another cry that caught my attention.


“STAND ALONE COMPLEX! WHOOOO!” A voice screamed out and I jerked my head.


Huh.. I guess he was a fan? I waved a bit awkwardly and the guy lit up like a christmas tree.


“~There is a fire in me! A fire that buuuuuurns!” My own voice screamed out, and you know what?


There was a fire in me.


I felt my face split into a grin.


Fuck it.


Fuck all this!


“Hey fuck heads!? You pissed your ringer lost? Then get your weak asses down here, and beat my ass yourself you fuck head!” I roared out, hands throwing devil horns into the air, and that was enough.


Guns were drawn and I moved as they clicked empty.


The first 6th Street thug had a moment to look shocked as I flipped up out of the pool, spun on my hands and double donkey kicked him in his chest.


He had another moment to scream as he realized I’d just punted his dumb ass over the edge of the building.


The others leapt up, and I just grinned ferally as I pulled my knife. They had no guns, and were in close range.


I laughed, to the sound of my own song for the first time actually kinda liking hearing my own voice scream out the lyrics, as I moved in.


—---


“The fuck Motoko, you know its late… The fuck happened to you?” Jun questioned and then nearly jumped up as he saw me walk in.


“You should see the other gonk.” I said laughing. I was a bit bloody, but I’d taken a MaxDoc on the way back so I was entirely chipper.


“Motoko-”


“It’s cool Jun, I’m going to shower and clean off. I'm great. Gonna have to talk to Hiromi in the morning. I got a new XBD for her. Did you know that 6th Street Gonks cry like little girls when you surf them off the top of a building?”


“I have no idea what that means, but preem… You sure you good?”


“I’m… Nova.” I admitted, laughing.


Who knew that I just needed a little extreme hyperviolence to feel better?
