# 240. Chapter 240

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/214203361*
*Published: 2026-03-19*

---

“Hello there, Night City! Stanley here with ya, and we got another day ahead of us in this city of Dreams!” I brushed my teeth listening to the radio and nodded.


“You tell ‘em Stanley.” I whispered, finishing brushing and looking myself over. After a shower and eight hours, any sign of me getting my face beat in was gone, and I smiled, teeth practically gleaming.


“God I love being alive.” I stretched, tossing my tooth brush into the cup near the sink, and walked out of the bathroom. Jun was already gone for the day. Fujimura was apparently needing his enforcer today, and I was clear for most of the day until this evening.


Another MSM thing. Blegh.


I wandered around, my feet padding quietly on the tiles, as I reached the couch and leapt, my ankles giving me that wonderful little bounce, enough to throw me completely over the back of the couch and lad with a heavy oomph on the cushions.


“TV sucks. Not in the mood for Music… I guess I should go talk to Judy?” I reached up and felt the ports on the side of my head. I did have the new XBD to drop off… It had been a while, Hiromi would probably be delighted, and the idea of surprising her with a new BD and seeing her face light up, sounded fun.


I didn’t want to get right back up though.


Rolling onto my back I raised my hands up in front of my face. Clean chrome stared back at me. Last night these hands had ripped through a group of salty 6th Street, but today they were quiet.


I glanced at my agent bringing it up and showing me the results from last night's little fight.


The XP was good, but it was the skill XP that was more important.


Street Brawler had gotten two updates from that fight, which was absurd. I guess fighting a guy in a real no holds barred brawl had really helped. Or maybe it was the action kicks I’d done to the 6th Street Gonks just after?


“Oh man, I actually really want to rewatch the BD now. That guy crying as I surfed him off the building was so good!” I giggled, unable to resist the blubbering.


Honestly if the gonk hadn’t pulled a gun on me and tried to kill me, I might have felt bad, but since he had, he got what he deserved.


“Okay okay. I’ll get up.” Groaning as I sat up and then, since why not, I leaned back and did a cool ninja kip up to my feet on the couch, and then flipped sidewise off the couch landing utterly silently on the floor. “Nin-Nin.” I whispered smiling as I ninja dashed around the room.


Today… Today was a good day.


—---


Unfortunately it was early in the day, so Rita wasn’t around Lizzies, but I was let in with only a few narrowed eyes, as I hurried down to see Judy. The club was quiet, practically dead, and I almost expected Judy to be sleeping by now.


Instead I found her awake, and definitely on her third or forth energy drink.


“You look like shit, you slept yet?”


“What? Motoko? No, not yet, it’s not that late.” She grumbled at me spinning in her chair to look at me as I walked in. To my surprise though she wasn’t alone


“The sun is up Judes.” I told her, as I looked at… Evelyn Parker. The blue haired Doll that had caused the entire Konpeki Heist in the future. “Who’se your friend?”


“Who is your friend Judy?” Evelyn asked, doing that I’m so mysterious routine as she crossed her arms and smoked a cig.


I carefully maneuvered away from her cause ew, and instead plopped my ass on Judy’s desk next to her.


“Eve, this is Motoko Kusanagi, she’s a merc, and a good one despite her age. I do XBD work for her. Motoko, this is Evelyn Parker. She works at Clouds.”


“Nice to meet you.” I offered simply, not quite sure what to think of her. Not sure what to feel about her. She was the type to stab you in the back, but also she was in a bit of a shit situation. Such was life in Night City.


“To you as well. Judy, I’ll talk to you about that thing later.”


“Huh.. Oh sure Eve.”


Evelyn sauntered out and I got the feeling she was annoyed that I showed up.


“You should get some sleep.”


“Eh maybe, I’m not tired yet.” Judy grumbled at me, looking annoyed at my comments.


“That’s probably the energy drinks talking more than anything.”


“I don’t need advice alright?”


“Sure, sorry. Sorry. I came cause I scrolled a new BD last night.”


“It’s been a while. Figured you stopped that.” She muttered staring at me kinda blearily. Her eyes bloodshot, but she waved her hand at me, and I popped the shard out of my neck and handed it over.


“Nah, just haven’t done a lot of gigs recently that I could actually show off. Sometimes you don’t want people knowing you did some work, you know?”


“I do rip your identifying info out.”


“Eeeh. That only gives protection in some ways.” I said because the big corps, or gangs wouldn’t care.


This one was probably a bit risky too, but to be fair, they had pulled iron during a neutral ground anyway, so them getting flatlined is just on them.


At least I hoped the gang would see it that way. No point in trying to hide it, plenty of people had seen me surf the guy off the building.


Which I kept reminding myself had happened, cause it was fucking awesome.


“Alright sure, I’ll clean it up. There ain’t no like, eyeballs in this one right?”


“A fist fight, some knife work, and I kicked a guy off a building, and then rode another guy off the edge. No eyeballs.”


She blinked at me for a while as she seemed to try and process what I had just said before just shaking her head.


“I’ll look into it.”


“Preem… Maybe a nap first?


“You’re not my Mom, get the fuck out.”


“Going! Going! Take care of yourself Judy!” I called out as I hurried away. Maybe I should send a text to Rita?


Seriously Judy needed a fucking time out or something she looked exhausted.


—--


“Malcolm. Ichi.”


“Motoko.”


“Motoko.” The two boys looked at me, and I looked at them. My eyes shifted Scanning for any sign, any twitch. Then we all moved. My Sandy activated, giving me all the time in the world I might need arms swung. Once, twice, and thrice, and then my inevitable victory was assured.


“Cheat!”


“You definitely cheated.”


“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I said sniffing my flat hand held out, as all three of us completed our rock paper scissors to determine who would win for today.


“How did she cheat?” Malcolm whispered to Ichi who was glaring at me.


“I don’t know. I just know she did.”


“You two always accuse me of cheating. It’s unfair.”


“You always cheat.”


“Stop cheating then.” The two repeated back and I staggered back like I was struck.


Just because I could slow time, and with Quick Draw my hands were incredibly fast, so I could literally see what the boys were going to choose for Rock, Paper, Scissor and always select the one that would grant me victory was no reason to call me a cheater!


“We’re eating Ramen!”


“Fiiine.” Malcolm grumbled, but it was fake, he liked Ramen too.


“Ugh. Alright. You’re buying though.”


“I won the game! I shouldn’t have to buy too!”


“Nah the Boss buys.”


“You are our Boss, aren’t you? Motoko? Boss?” Ichi replied looking innocent as he stared into my eyes.


I couldn’t help but look away.


“Now who's cheating? Jerks. Fine I’ll pay.”


“Nova. I’m starving.”


“Saaaame. Oh hey, Motoko, the Minotaur needs some work done on it.” Ichi told me, as we all headed through the crowd towards the Ramen stall. Meeting up at the Sakura market and choosing a place to eat was something we did sometimes.


Hiromi sometimes joined, and sometimes not, but today it was just the boys and I.


“What? What’s wrong with the Minotaur?”


“It’s left ankle is acting up.” Ichi told me, and I stopped dead in the rows of people making him stop as I turned to face him fully.


“Ichi… The last time we used the Minotaur I went over it, and it was fine. Why is the ankle acting up?”


“I mean… I practice with it… It’s why I keep it at home, you know?”


I felt my eyes narrow.


My Minotaur, the cool mecha that I had specifically risked my life to hijack instead of just blowing it up… The one I’d only gotten a few minor chances to even use…


And Ichi was using it enough to incur maintenance issues!?


“You jerk!”


“Ah! Hey!” Ichi scrambled away as I swiped a clawed hand at him.


“That’s mine!” I roared, and before I could get him Malcolm was there.


“Run! I got her!”


“You’re my best choom I’ll never forget your sacrifice!” Ichi called out fake crying as he jogged away through the crowd as Malcolm grabbed onto me and held me tight stopping me from chasing.


“You realize you’ll die now.”


“Yeah, but you know, when your choom needs it, you gotta jump in.” He explained calmly, acting like he wasn’t holding me around my waist and trying to keep me from touching the floor.


I considered how to handle this and decided to just sigh.


“Your true act of friendship has moved something in my cold heart. I’ll let Ichi live.”


“Hey really?”


“No.” Then I shifted, twisting Malcolm's wrist and shifting him away before bringing him in and sliding along his back. A moment later both my arms were wrapped around his head.


“Ack!-Motoko! Air!” He gasped, and I just sighed.


“I’m sorry you have to die like this. It was nice knowing you.” I whispered sadly, and Malcolm reached up and smacked my arm tapping out.


I released him, as he nearly fell forward gasping.


“Jesus, loosen up.”


“Heh. You were fine. I was only half choking you. Come on, let’s get to the Ramen place and order. We can even pretend we don’t know Ichi when he shows up to get some food.”


“Hell yeah! Oh wait, we should pretend he died or something.”


“I can almost hear the voice of my old Choom Ichinose. He was always such a good boy.” I whispered sniffling and Malcolm cackled as we both dashed for the Ramen shop.


Sliding into a booth I threw up a hand at the chef and he nodded.


He knew what I wanted.


Malcolm checked the menu and then called out his own.


“So how's the whole… Music thing?”


“I’ll probably have to kill some people… I like the equipment, the studio is crazy, if only they’d stop trying to edit the song.”


“Hiromi mentioned that. You got them by the chrome though right?” He asked, making a gripping gesture.


“Hehe. Yeah. Hiromi gave me creative freedom… The food is good.”


“Oh hell yeah?”


“Yeah. There is this restaurant, we did a show at, real food… It was so good.”


“We should go there then. Instead of this shit hole.” Malcolm said, earning a snapped up look from the chef. I reached over and dope slapped him and threw an apologetic look at the chef.


“Malcolm!”


“Hey just saying, you can just go do that sort of stuff now right?”


“I… Yeah I guess.”


“Sweet, take me to some richy rich restaurant some time instead of Ramen Joint.”


“I like Ramen.” I grumbled, and he laughed.


“Sure but I bet super expensive Ramen is good.”


“That does sound like something I want to try.” I admitted, but… It also sounded expensive, and I didn’t want to just blow all my eddies on food.


“What’s with the face?”


“What face?” I argued back and he sent me a look.


“The constipated face you get when you want to do something, but also don’t.”


“I don’t have a constipated face!”


“Suuuure. Anyways, what's wrong with going to richy places? You got the eddies, and you’re famous now.”


“Look around, do you see screaming groupies? No one knows me.”


“Becoming famous, whatever. It’s gonna happen.” The Ramen arrived, although Malcolm got a glare from the chef, and I was half sure either the chef had spit it in, or he’d made it particularly good to force Malcolm to shut up.


Either way the boy dug in without a care.


I dug in myself quietly, enjoying the warm salty broth. Even if it was kinda chemically…


“You’ve been all weird about the music thing. So what’s the deal?”


“I’m not-”


“Motoko. Seriously.”


“I… I don’t know! It’s annoying. I hate being responsible for it, and having people tell me what to do. And all the work I have to do to go into it. I just wanted to like… Make music.”


“Okay, so don’t do the rest.”


“I kinda have to.”


“Then make them pay for it. You got that fancy real food right?”


“Yeah that was a perk.”


“Sounds like you just need to focus on the perks and deal with the crap. I know you never had a real job and stuff.’


“I’ve had a job!”


“Come on Motoko, I don’t mean like Section 9 gig stuff, that’s preem, but it’s not normal. I mean like… Working as an underling in the Claws, and stuff. Ichi and I did that. It sucked, they treated us like shit, but the perks were awesome. We got left alone, or treated with respect. Like that.”


“I guess… I do like the food, and maybe… Just a little, getting up on stage is fun.”


He sent me a smug look so I punched him.


“Ow ow ow. Motoko! Chrome hands.”


“All the better to punch you with!”


“Ease up, That hurt.”


“Fine… Sorry.”


“It’s cool. So you like parts of it and hate the rest? Motoko, that's like normal job stuff, choom. Just enjoy the perks, and if it ever gets to the point the perks stop coming, or they don’t outweigh the bad? Just quit.”


“Just like that huh?”


“Sure why not. I quit, Ichi quit. No big deal.”


“No big deal huh.” I mumbled stuffing some noodles in my face. Chewing the noodles honestly wasn’t filling me.


It left me hungry for real food. While there were negatives, and maybe I hyperfocused on those a bit… There were benefits to the whole MSM thing. Eddies I guess, but access to other stuff. Food, the whole Militech deal. I mean trying to klep a pair of brand new Eagle Cyberarms would be a pain, doable of course, but a pain.


Heh. I was still going to rob Militech though.


But… “Other than food, and some deal I’m getting with Militech, what other perks do I get?”


“Choom, seriously? You get to meet all the rich and famous people.”


“Who I don’t care about.”


“No Motoko, you aren’t thinking about it right. If I had access to all the famous people. More importantly, to the rich people? I’d start looking for those that need stuff done. Section 9 stuff.”


“You think?”


“Motoko, we kill people for a living. Killing some scav gonk, ain’t much different from killing some rich asshole that tears people apart too. Fuck em. Find someone that can pay and let’s do some gigs to make some real eddies. The only thing I have to say about rich people? Fuck em.”


“Fuck em.” I agreed. Grabbing my drink and raising it up to tap against his.


“Who are we fucking?”


“Oh man, Malcolm did you hear that? On the breeze? It was like our old friend Ichinose spoke from beyond! If only he’d listened, and worn his seatbelt! The car accident was so terrible.”


“Yeah choom. Let’s go see his Niche in the Columbarium after this. Sniff, he was gone so young. Ow!” Ichi smacked Malcolm up the side of his head as he took the seat.


“Don’t kill me off assholes! Seriously, I was hiding for like ten minutes. I expected you to come running around the corner.”


“Nah, Malcolm's earnest plea for your life moved my heart. So you get to live today.”


“Preem. I’m starving.”


 


I just chuffed.


“But seriously, you fucked up the Minotaur? Dammit Ichi.”


 


“It’s not my fault! I was just practicing with it. The leg seized up.”


“Ugh. Fine, I have a few hours before I have to deal with MSM stuff, so after this let’s hit your place, and I’ll take a look.”


“Preem.”


 


“Yeah I can do that.” Malcolm agreed, and the three of us settled in to eat with only minor bodily harm inflicted on each other through the rest of the conversation.


—--


Judy Alvaraz


The rush was as always there, messy, the emotions bleeding over, a clean Virtu was like that. All raw energy and almost overwhelming. It was like being on a drug. Judy’s favorite drug.


The music only accentuated the feel as she hopped around in an old pool. The absolute beast of a chrome hound across from her didn’t even feel like a threat. The fear Judy would have felt was washed away in the eagerness, the spilling swirling emotions of a woman that just wanted to beat something.


The acrid taste of beer on her tongue only heightened it all. Judy made a mental note as she slowed the virtue giving her a moment as herself to heighten that feeling. Then she scrolled it back up, and the fight hit her.


Blows were dodged, and taken, and her heart was pounding calmly in her chest.


This fight was brutal, and yet every motion there was no fear, only an iron hard confidence, and an enjoyment of it all.


Every blow to the face was matched with a surge of almost delight, but not from the pain, but just from the knowledge she could push through it.


Pain was temporary, that feeling was strongly implied.


This was nothing. Just punch and punch until he fell.


The moment it happened, was instantaneous, a knowledge of exactly when to act.


The Sandy caused everything to blur, but the BD kept everything clear. Judy slowed it down anyways, making some edits, highlighting just how much everything had slowed down. Judy could drop the speed of the BD here a bit, let everything feel slow motion, she’d have to edit the emotion line to make sure it stayed solid, but Motoko was reliable about her emotional state.


It didn’t vary much. If she was angry she was angry, and if she was happy she was happy. It didn’t sway much.


Judy brought the speed back up just in time to feel herself punch into the chrome heads brain case. He crumpled, the blow punching straight through whatever chrome he had.


The delight wasn't so much for winning, but just delighting in a fight.


The win hadn’t been important. It was the act. The knowledge that she could win. Judy could beat anyone that she faced against! Nothing could stop her!


She dialed back a bit, shaking herself physically to remind her just where Judy ended, and Motoko began.


Then continued.


There was almost no chance for Judy to even feel fear as the Sixth Street members running the racket stood up guns pulled.


There was no hesitation, as Judy was just trying to process, Motoko’s mind had already calculated.


A quick hack went out, as easily as breathing, notations in her vision turning each gun red showing they were offline.


But before she could do more, a shout.


“Stand Alone Complex!” Judy turned, the guy was calling out Motoko, he was a fan. Judy sent him a wave, the actual shift in emotion, an awkward sort of feeling made Judy chuckle aloud.


“~There is a fire in me! A fire that buuuuuurns!” The song was in her ear, and Judy knew what would happen next.


She moved, leaping up flipping and moving into the first gonk, with a delighted shift kicking him straight off the roof. His scream echoing off the building noted, but mostly ignored as she instead just kept moving.


The knife was in her hand, without a thought, surprising Judy at just how fast it had appeared.


Then it was on, knife to the jugular, a motion Judy recognized, Motoko liked doing that.


Then a shift, rolling around the goon she’d just killed, using him as cover before coming around, knife was thrown landing in the chest of a ganger trying to shoot her, the gun from the first goon now in her hands.


The bullets didn’t feel like anything.


In most BD’s gunfire was matched with a surge, adrenaline, fear, maybe worse emotions.


Not here. Motoko only felt that same satisfaction, at a challenge that was being overcome.


The bullets took out another to slow to move, and then Judy realized there was one left.


She ran prowling forward as he raised his gun and just chucked it at her, it missed, she leapt, even as he nearly stumbled backwards, and there was a feeling, a confident little smug idea.


Feet first, hand down grabbing the gonks stupid shirt. This was the leader of the Sixth Street, the one that had tried to fire at her.


And now her body slammed into him, feet on his chest and groin, holding him steady as there was suddenly nothing but air.


The feeling of Judy’s stomach flipping wasn’t in the BD. Instead for Motoko it was just a perfect confidence that this was fine. That even leaping off a building couldn’t stop her.


The man started crying the moment he realized what was happening.


Judy paused the scroll right alongside the recoil as they hit the ground.


“Fuck… Fucking hell.”


### Works inspired by this one:


-
        [Ghost in the Dunes](https://archiveofourown.org/works/43050981) by [p0cketw0tch](/users/p0cketw0tch/pseuds/p0cketw0tch)
