# 241. Chapter 241

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/214344101*
*Published: 2026-03-20*

---

It was the small things that got to me sometimes.


 


I was in the shower, slowly washing up when I reached for my shampoo, but…


 


Instead of the crap Jun and I had been using, the cheap two in one combo which could be picked up from every market store for the people in Night City who even bothered anyway.


 


There were four fancy slim bottles.


 


The names were pretentious cursive and I was fairly certain each would be a couple hundred eddies each.


 


It was a fucking lot for just my hair.


 


I took the first one, and just…


 


It smelled pretty good, not overpowering thankfully otherwise I wouldn't use it. Can't sneak around when even normies could sniff you out, much less any gonk with a scent tracker nose.


 


Either way I started washing. Each one in order, going through soaking in and then rinsed off just like the makeup lady had walked me through when she gave me the bag of gunk I was expected to use.


 


When it happened I had been a bit of a bitch about it. But that was stupid. It made my hair super shiny, and nice looking, and that was preem. This was a perk.


 


I never expected to take wisdom from Malcolm of all people, but he was right. Everyone had stupid jobs they had to do, and the goal was to find the perks in them.


 


The big one of course was the eddies. Even if Section 9 was doing really well, more eddies were always nice.


 


On top of that were the other perks. Real food, contacts with the rich and famous to get some new gigs from, equipment.


 


I looked at my palms. Covered in suds. My Condors were old. Maybe even older than me, to be honest. They did everything I needed. Armored, EMP resistant. For all that I'd never run into that issue.


 


They were the durable type of arms that nothing would stop. I actually liked that about them. Mantis Blades might look cool, but they were also goofy as all hell, and good luck fitting much armor on your cyberlimbs when it was full of extendo blade action.


 


I pushed my hand into the water and then as the suds disappeared did the same to my head.


 


This was a new day, and I was going to look at it from a different perspective.


 


Today was all about the perks.


 


Stepping out of the shower I reached the mirror and sighed. One negative about having completely chrome hands. Even with my rubberized grip along my palm and fingers, it wasn't like I could easily wipe steam from a mirror.


 


I grabbed a towel and wiped it down, and then looked at myself.


 


Purple hair wiped backwards, reddish purple eyes, inhuman in how perfect they were. The black Arasaka Chrome wrapping around my neck.


 


None of it felt wrong.


 


I threw my image an arrogant smirk.


 


"Baddest Bitch in NC." I reminded myself, then went serious, shifting my face into an emotionless facade. "Truly the net is vast and infinite."


 


"Huehuhehehe." I broke character a moment later. Man I might be Motoko, but I certainly wasn't that Motoko.


 


I still had too many fleshy bits for one. Shaking myself a bit. Best hurry up if Jun heard me weebing out at the mirror he would never let me live it down.


 


Grabbing a fresh Leotard, armored, and ready I finished drying off as I slipped into it. It was still a bit snug, really needed to go see the old lady for another alteration, but once I zipped it up I was once more locked and ready.


 


"Find the perks." I reminded myself.


 


Today was one of the days the perks were coming into play.


 


Today… I was getting a new set of arms.


 


—---


 


"Hiromi." I greeted, relieved for once. She was actually here. I knew Alex had fucked with her a few times so far, but he was standing fairly close by looking like the assistant he was meant to be for once.


 


Maybe he'd finally gotten a clue?


 


Nah. He was up to something.


 


"Motoko. Right on time." She said confidently, and shot Alex a look. Ah, were they playing a game of who could control me better, because honestly, it was Hiromi. She bossed me around all the time and I just did whatever she said for the most part…


 


Wait that sounded wron-Nevermind, that was going in the box.


 


"Right on time indeed. Despite the restrictions, MSM, and Militech have worked out an acceptable compromise." He explained and I instantly frowned, looking at Hiromi.


 


"It's fine. And Vik already agreed." She said, and I did relax at that.


 


"Okay, so what's going on?" We were outside Misty's Esoterica, and there were quite a few vehicles around, Vans, and things. It was like the whole area was a bit sectioned off…


 


"While Militech didn't like the idea of having this installed by a Ripper." Alex began, and Hiromi nodded accepting his explanation so I relaxed and did the same. "They agreed after an idea was launched. Militech, reliable, even in the worst circumstances." He waved his hand like he was seeing it on a billboard.


 


Riiiight. I looked at Hiromi.


 


"They are going to video the whole thing and turn it into a PR win. If even a back alley ripper can install Militech cyberarms reliably, that must mean they are good… Or whatever drivel they are trying to drip feed to the people. Just don't worry about it, they're going to record the operation, and it'll be spliced into a commercial."


 


My slight frown must have clued Hiromi in, but Alex didn't get the memo.


 


"Just keep smiling and stay confident, we have a real doctor in case there is any issue. But we put together a few comments that should help." He tried to send me a file and once again I really felt like melting his brain or something.


 


But I cleared it of the general trackers, it was clean, and then looked it over.


 


"I'm not saying that."


 


"But-"


 


"And you don't have to, but try and think of something in your own words that'll sound good." Hiromi offered, already knowing I was irritated. These catch phrases were cringe!


 


"At least try a few of them, they workshopped very well, and they'll make Militech happy." Alex explained butting in, and I just rolled my eyes.


 


Whatever dude.


 


Finally the rumble of an engine had all of us look up.


 


A Chevilion Emperor rounded the corner. The type that meant only one thing. Corpo.


 


It pulled in taking up most of the road uncaring how it blocked others in.


 


Then the door opened and for a moment I was having a flashback.


 


A very familiar face…


 


This couldn't be fucking real, right? I was staring for a moment, but then as the three people settled out of the car, two guards, and a Corpo woman…


 


Our eyes met, even with the sunglasses.


 


I don't know if it was the way I was looking, or something else, but we both went still processing.


 


Hands ready for a quick draw and a shootout if needed.


 


While everyone else around us made their greetings our eyes stayed locked. The threat had been registered, and it looks like they were trying to figure out what to do.


 


"Motoko?"


 


"Thomas, Motherfucking Anderson." I cursed loud enough everyone stopped and looked, including the corpo woman that looked like she was having her own irritation with Hiromi.


 


"Didn't I kill you?"


 


"Bitch, your weak ass stab and kicking me out of a twelfth floor window is weak if you want me dead. Try harder next time, asshole!" I cursed him.


 


Thomas Anderson in his stupid Sunglasses and trench coat, totally looking like a Matrix knockoff…


 


It was totally not fair how cool he looked.


 


I wanted a Trench Coat! The Major had some cool ones, I was gonna get one now.


 


"Is there a problem?" The Corpo woman asked, looking between us, but my eyes never left him, and his eyes never left me.


 


Then slowly he shook his head.


 


"No. Old business."


 


"Nah fuck it. I'm not worried about this loser. He couldn't even kill a defenseless teenager." I mocked him and I noticed him twitch.


 


Still sensitive about that huh?


 


The two of us agreed to stop preparing to kill each other. It was body language more than anything, our hands shifting not away from our weapons, but saying, you aren't worth drawing on.


 


The Militech corpo looked between us for a moment, her eyes sharp, but instead just looked at me. Sizing me up.


 


I did the same to her, finally taking my eyes off Thomas. She was… She kinda reminded me of the one Militech Corpo V met. What's her face? The woman that was a total Dom…


 


Shit now I was thinking about Dommy Mommy and staring at a woman that could absolutely put one of us over her knee and-


 


"Pleasure to meet you. I'm Hiromi Mitsunashi, Manager of Stand Alone Complex. I'm sure we'll be able to handle today's event to both of our satisfaction." Hiromi offered, and I looked at her, she looked pleased as punch to be chatting up an older Corpo…


 


Be careful Hiromi, don't fall for her Dommy Mommy wiles, that-


 


"Is this a joke?" The woman responded, looking at Hiromi with a serious scowl. "An Arasaka Student? What is MSM playing at here?"


 


"Apologies, Ms. Katalina. MSM takes no side in any sort of… Business between Arasaka, and Militech, but Mitsunashi here is a member of the Management team for our Ms. Kusanagi's team."


 


"I'm not working with an Arasaka brat on this. I don't appreciate whatever game is going on here. Come on, we're leaving." She turned to do just that, leaving Hiromi a bit stupified as she seemed shocked. She hadn't expected that, but I noticed someone else reacted instantly.


 


Someone else had expected that.


 


"Please wait Ms. Katalina, this deal is already confirmed, Militech has already paid a substantial sum, and MSM will of course do whatever is needed to make sure today's event goes smoothly."


 


"Anything will you? Well first off, get rid of the kid, then we're going to nee-"


 


"Stuff it up your ass, right alongside the dick you already have up there." I called out instantly and loudly as I stepped forward cutting Alex's faux obsequience, he just wanted Hiromi gone. The corpo woman, Ms. Katalina, apparently turned on me with a look like she was going to have me killed.


 


"Do you have any-"


 


"No. Nor do I care. Don't bother finishing the sentence. You're a middle manager at best. Now put your big girl branded Militech panties on, stop causing fucking trouble. We're here to do an ad, the deal is already through. And-"


 


Thomas stepped forward because I had, slipping in front of the Corpo a moment before I reached her.


 


I'd only intended on poking her a bit, but I stopped, and smirked at him.


 


"We doing round two choom? No windows to throw me out this time."


 


"No windows to save your life this time, apparently."


 


I just grinned at him. all teeth.


 


"Enough!" Hiromi barked out, and I instantly stepped back. "This absolutely is a game, Ms. Katalina but not one you're the player of, just a piece. The joke is on me, this time it seems." Hiromi said, sauntering forward. She shot Alex a look which he returned with a fake apology. "Fifty thousand, four hundred and thirty seven."


 


"Is that supposed to mean something to me?" Katalina asked, as Hiromi walked right up to her and looked up into her eyes… Good job Hiromi but be careful she might use her height to dominate you!


 


"It should. That's your loss projections so far if you turn around and walk away. I'm sure it's nothing to you of course, but I doubt your projection report to your higher ups will look good. What exactly will you put on the report for this event's failure? Refused because an Arasaka student was there?" Hiromi pressed and the woman's face shifted into an even greater sneer.


 


"A nice story to tell yourself, but let me tell you what will actually happen. I'll leave here and go do real business, and in turn MSM will come crawling back to us, realizing that they sent a child to do a business deal with Militech."


 


"Oh sure, but see, I'm Motoko's Manager, nothing happens without my permission. When MSM comes crawling to you, and you hold their feet to a fire, you force a better deal on them, which is I'm sure, just a happy coincidence and not your plan. But I'll tell Motoko to refuse anything and everything. And she'll do it."


 


"She's right." I agreed, backing up Hiromi.


 


I noticed the corpos eyes flicked to me, and I just looked smug.


 


"Then of course. That report will need to be filed. And questions will be asked, about why a deal already hammered out and accepted suddenly turned into a continuing issue. So go ahead. Leave, I'll go home and put my feet up for the rest of the day while managing a Rockerboy. It's easy." She said, the last part almost like a knife thrust right into the woman's chest.


 


This was definitely some corpo thing because Katalina's eyes narrowed like she was going to attack.


 


Then she shifted, all of it fell away.


 


"For an Arasaka brat, you're not half bad. Ever consider Militech?" The question hung in the air as Hiromi too stepped back shedding the threatening pose and into a confident little smile.


 


"I've heard about the benefits, but never did receive a direct one on one offer."


 


"Then while this Event proceeds, how about we discuss cost-benefit?"


 


"I am willing to hear your proposition." Hiromi demurred, and… Oh no! I was right, Hiromi! Don't fall prey to the wiles of an elder corpo dommy mommy!


 


—--


 


After that awkward start, I was pulled away by the makeup team, into Misty's who thankfully didn't seem to mind all the movement through her shop… Had they paid her for this? That might explain why she was smiling happily from behind her counter.


 


While I was worked on. Hiromi and Katalina chatted… Well cattily at each other. I could hear the barbs traded back and forth, but Hiromi was actually smiling.


 


Careful Hiromi!


 


Thomas was hovering around, but our eyes kept catching, and every time we'd size each other up for round 2.


 


But then a makeup artist would cross over and that would be that.


 


I hadn't even considered the fact that I was doing a brand deal for Militech while working with Hiromi.


 


Oof.


 


Either way I was getting all cleaned up like I was going to be on TV instead of getting my arms replaced…


 


I was going to be doing both. Shit. I took a breath. It's fine. The negative for the perk. Free arm upgrades, all for the low cost of being a walking ad. It was fine.


 


And then as I was getting ready, the second guard walked past carrying a large case with Militech branded on it, and my eyes traced the box.


 


That was it. My arms.


 


They were taking them down, where Vik would probably look them over…


 


Actually I really hoped he did.


 


"Are we done yet?" I asked, purposefully saying it kindly instead of bitching at the makeup artists.


 


"Not just yet, a little more." They urged, and I sighed and let them get back to it.


 


Either way. Everything was going well. Alex was pouting that his little plot didn't work. Obviously Militech should have been informed about Hiromi's corporate ties.


 


And then there was Thomas.


 


"So serial killer to corpo bodyguard is a bit of a downgrade… Or upgrade? Not sure how you'd compare it. How'd that happen?" I called out, he'd been watching everything, but he was close enough for me to yell at, and I was bored.


 


"Getting back in bed with Militech was the only way to keep Arasaka off my back." He said simply, which honestly, I was surprised. I didn't expect a response.


 


"That sucks." I offered a bit of commiseration.


 


"It happens kid. Sometimes you have to get in bed with a bad deal, to save yourself from another."


 


"Nah, if the Corpo's ever came after me, I'd win." I said, and he looked at me and I grinned fakely.


 


It was a joke, I wasn't stupid, but I still wanted to mess with him. "I'd have just charged Arasaka Tower and taken everyone out or something. Not run to Militech."


 


He didn't respond, but I got the feeling he was rolling his eyes at me.


 


"If you ever want to go freelance again, Section 9 is hiring."


 


"I don't work with kids."


 


"Too competent for you? I guess if I was used to working with morons I'd be uncomfortable with sheer brilliance too."


 


"Attitude like that'll just get you killed. Like I almost did."


 


"Pfft. Please You had me down for like a couple hours. I was fine."


 


"I stabbed you in the chest, and kicked you out a window."


 


"Skill issue." I decided to say solemnly and delighted in the irritation that passed over his face, those sunglasses gave him a bit of protection but I still saw it.


 


"That's it Ms. Kusanagi."


 


"Ah perfect, thanks." I offered to the woman that had been working on my face. I got up and walked over to Thomas. He was taller than me which was annoying, but he still locked his eyes on me despite the height difference. "If there's ever a next time… I'll kill you." I promised him as I walked past him down into the back alley.


 


I wanted to check with Vik before everything got started.


 


Leaving Thomas behind and out of my mind. I maneuvered through the stairs down to Viks; wires and equipment lined the stair well.


 


Jeeze, how much equipment did they need to do a simple recording?


 


Oh.


 


Vik's poor clinic was completely covered in different lights, and cameras. It looked nothing like his normal dingy basement clinic.


 


I saw him thankfully, and he was indeed looking over his arms. Two men surrounded him, one a guard of some kind, massive bulging arms and the clothes of a NUSA soldier glaring down at Vik, the other a doctor.


 


I hurried over just catching Vik's words.


 


"And I told you, I'm going to look over it. I do it for all equipment that gets chipped in my clinic."


 


"This is ridiculous! You're going to ruin the warranty if you do that!"


 


"Son, I've popped open Militech chrome since before you were born. It won't hurt it."


 


"Vik! I'm sorry." I called out interrupting as I squirmed in and basically pushed both men away from Vik as he worked. "I didn't expect all this. They haven't broken anything right?"


 


"Hey Kid." He said, smiling at me in that Vik way as he seemed to relax a bit as he looked me over. "They certainly dolled you up. It's fine kid. I was the one that agreed to all this, and besides, I'm getting paid so it's not too bad."


 


"That's a relief then." I said a bit awkwardly. It was still a mess. I'd hang around after and help him put everything back if nothing else. Then I looked down. "That's them?"


 


"It is. Militech Eagle, Mark V's, brand new, these are straight off the factory. Top of the line. You ever see Orbital Crystal before? They used a bit to reinforce the bones-"


 


"Please do not take it apart! That will void the warranty!" The doctor guy called out to stop Vik from doing just that, and we looked from him then to each other, both of us amused.


 


Warranty? What the fuck was I going to do with a warranty?


 


"Maybe another time then." I offered since the doctor was annoying. "It has everything? And no issues?"


 


"Just like you asked." He confirmed, and slid the cast over so I could look closer.


 


"Additional armor just like your Condor. Although these will be a bit slimmer than your Condors, even with the armor. The Crystal reinforcement means they could remove a bit of the needed steel. Hardened Shielding, so no EMP can knock your arms out. Although with how much Chrome you have that doesn't mean you'll be safe."


 


"I know Vik. I'll try to get some EMP stuff soon to balance it all out. I don't like the idea of my Optics, or Neural Link getting shorted out either." I told him, although mostly I was waiting for the Sandy upgrade. That massive Spinal Neural Link would be EMP hardened already… Probably.


 


It would be kinda stupid for it not to be… Wait didn't David get short circuited by the BD guy?


 


Eh maybe not, whatever I'll get some upgrades for that.


 


"Well other than that, you got the Subdermal Grip obviously. It's a low cut version, so it doesn't take up much room."


 


"That's good."


 


"It also has Thickened Myomer. You'll notice a strength difference right away. We'll do some boxing training sometime soon to get you used to your new strength."


 


"I'd like that." I agreed instantly, happy at Vik's offer.


 


"And finally… Militech CE-3K Myomer Enhancement module. Or Gorilla mod as they are often called."


 


"Please do not call them that. The Arasaka brand "Gorilla Arms" Are a copyrighted property and also nowhere near as good as the Militech competitor." The doctor offered and I twitched at the same time as Vik.


 


Literally everyone just called them Gorilla arms. No one cared that Arasaka branded the-Nevermind. Corpo gonna corpo.


 


"Right. But with this. I should be hitting a whole lot harder."


 


"Combined with the Myomer upgrade? You'll rip doors off their hinges if you want. Or sometimes when you don't want. Like I said, we'll do some training soon to help you acclimate to the strength changes. Be careful, especially at first."


 


"I will Vik." I agreed quickly he was using his dad tone!


 


"Alright, well let me finish checking these over." He said and I nodded, stepping back purposefully pushing the doctor and guard away a bit to give him some space.


 


He'd be checking for spyware or worse, and I didn't want anyone distracting him for that…


 


I felt nervous, it was a big change, but… It was time.
