# 242. Chapter 242

*Source: https://archiveofourown.org/works/42385683/chapters/214711151*
*Published: 2026-03-22*

---

“Hey kid, take it slow.” Vik’s voice called out, as I opened my eyes. I hadn’t slept, hadn’t had any sleepy juice, or even just forced myself to sleep for an hour. The change had been while I was wide awake.


But, honestly it wasn’t that bad. All Vik had done was remove my old arms, alter some of the attachments and then re-attach my new arms.


All while the camera’s rolled, and I had an annoying Militech Corpo in my ear, urging me to say tag lines, like ‘With these Militech Arms, I’ll be invincible!’ And stupid shit like that.


It was super cringey so I didn’t. Instead I went through the surgery mostly quiet, laughing and joking with Vik while he worked so he knew I was okay, but otherwise keeping it more intimate.


And then I slowly sat up. The Silver Chrome arms shifted, having finally had their connections completed, as I brought them up to my face and looked my new palms over.


It would take some getting used to, but all the little dings and scrapes, things my Condors had from even before I ran them through the wringer were gone. Clean untouched chrome.


“How they feel kid?”


 


“Like a million eddies.” I said, loud enough to finally make the woman in my ear chattering shut up, as I showed them off a bit more for myself than the camera’s but they were tracking every movement in multiple directions as well.


And then I closed them into a tight fist.


Yeah that strength felt different. In a good way.


“They feel like I can take on the world.” I admitted, the least cringey thing closest to what Militech wanted… “Or at least a small Corp.” I said with a smirk, and Vik chuckled.


There.


Good enough.


—--


It wasn’t enough for the corpo’s but a few additional lines they had me repeat over and over from different angles, and me going full cold to keep from losing my temper at how fake it felt, and we were finally done.


Militech was happy enough, and I’d have the tour planned for next week, so that would be interesting.


But it was over. I hung around as the camera equipment started disappearing hauled by men that must do it quite often.


“At least they’re quick to pack up.” I muttered to Vik and he chuffed.


“They’re just doing their job.” He reminded me. He was having me go through dozens of little tests, finger touches, punches, and shifting each joint.


It honestly felt amazing. No… Better than amazing.


There was a flexibility in these arms I had never had with my Condors. Not only could I still spin my hand around, I could almost do the same with my elbow. Which was kinda weird at first, but it wasn’t disruptive or anything. In fact as I went through the motions it all felt… Completely natural?


I blinked over as I continued the motions under Vik’s watchful eye, checking my system, and then I was surprised.


Militech Eagle MKV *Adaptation Militech Eagle 4/4*


The condor spot in my adaptation list was different… Wait..


Oh.


Condors used to take 5/5, but the Eagles only took four adaptations, and…


I had a stat point.


It had refunded me, the point! Nice!


1 Stat point.

3 Skill point.


Hmm. That gave me some ideas, but… Last thing I’d done had been an intelligence point which means this point should just go back into Adaptation…


Looking over my chrome list, and what needed more Adaptation, there really was only one good option.


Everything else was already fairly well invested, but…


Dynalar Sandevistan Mk.2 *Adaptation Dynalar Sandevistan 2/4*


I knew I would be updating Sandy’s soon, and when I did that… I highly doubt that monstrous thing was going to stay at 4 required adaptation points.


I dropped my free stat point in, bringing it to 3/4. I already burned my Sandy pretty hard, but this should make it much easier to deal with.


It didn’t feel any different as I put in the point, but I wasn’t using it right now either.


“Alright kid. I don’t see any issues… At all, that thing must be really easy on the nerves. I’m not noticing any tearing, or inflammation. You’re handling it great.”


“Thanks Vik. I guess I’ve gotten used to the chrome since I had the Condors for so long.” I said, the best explanation I could offer with people still around.


“Maybe.” He said, his eyes locking onto me for a moment before just nodding and turning away to check his screens. “Well I’m pleased with how you’re handling it. Light work only for a day or two, even with how well it’s going alright? Take it slow kid, you really aren’t used to the differences in strength alright?”


“I will. Promise. I’ll go home and put my feet up and be lazy for a few days.”


“Heh, well maybe not that light. Do some stretches, a few pushups every few hours or so, get your body used to the changes. Oh, and here.” He dropped a pill bottle on my lap. “Take one of those before bed.”


“You sure?”


“Kid that’s already an incredibly light dose, but I’m still going to take care of you.”


“Yes sir.” I said firmly, throwing him a salute, and he just laughed.


“Motoko!” Hiromi called out as she sauntered into the clinic from the stairs. She’d disappeared upstairs at some point during the surgery.


“Hey Hiromi, all good?”


“All good. Oh you should see Alex, he’s seething right now.” Hiromi whispered pleased with herself, then frowned. “I should have expected the Militech issue. Even if it was just pressure for a deal, if I had made sure it was clear beforehand they couldn’t have tried to push things.” She whispered to me admitting her mistake.


I just shrugged.


“Mistakes happen. As long as you learn from them, who cares?” I said with a shrug, which felt a bit weird, but not a bad weird. I rolled my shoulders a bit more, getting a feel for how the motion was settled slightly lower than I was used to. The Eagles were sleeker and they were more feminine as well.


Where the Condors had been off the shelf, throw them on. The Eagles were designed with special forces in mind, and making sure a woman's arms would fit her better was probably with the extra alterations in Militech's mind.


“Yeah I won’t make that mistake again… I keep getting swept up in that assholes rhythm. He sets up the deals behind my back and then I have to rush to keep any control over things.”


“He knows what he’s doing. It’s a shame he isn’t working with you instead of against you. Want me to kill him yet?”


“No, not yet. I don’t know who the higher ups will send to replace him, and he’s still fumbling as well, trying to get control over you. As long as he can’t, he’s an annoyance, rather than a problem.”


 


“And he can’t.”


“Exactly.” Hiromi said haughtily, and I grinned. It was nice that she knew I wouldn’t work with this guy.


I mean… He was causing trouble for Hiromi, and only I got to do that!


“Speak of the devil.” I muttered quietly, and Hiromi looked towards the entrance.


Alex walked down the steps a sleazy smile on his face as he approached.


“Motoko, how are you doing? Any problems?” He asked, half looking at Vik, and then looking around further as if expecting another face.


“Fine. Vik does excellent work.”


“Good! Good! We should have enough for the commercial, although the Militech guys were thinking of maybe adding some music to it. I was thinking-”


“Music is good, Rise would probably be best. Showing Motoko rising up with the new arms.” Hiromi offered, and I hummed at the thought, pointedly enjoying how she had cut off Alex.


I didn’t really care, they could figure it out I’m sure.


“I’ll let them know your suggestion.” Alex offered, but I rolled my eyes.


“Whatever.”


“It was surprising that we ran into Thomas Anderson again.” Hiromi offered out of nowhere, and I looked up to see her ignoring Alex who was frowning a bit.


“Yeah, I wasn’t expecting that. I guess since we aren’t protecting his target, he’s not interested in continuing.” I said, going with whatever Hiromi was up to.


“Indeed. If they knew a bit more about our past that might have been treated as an insult. It’s too bad, there was the other issue that Katalina jumped on.” She explained then sent a look at Alex.


“What is the connection between you and the Militech guard. You said he threw you out a window? Will there be an issue?”


“Eh, he was trying to kill someone. I was stopping him from doing that. It’s fine. If we didn’t fight today we probably won’t.” I waved him off staying calm and Hiromi was smirking.


“I didn’t realize your… Gigs as a mercenary are so dangerous.” He commented and I looked at him, then at Hiromi. It’s your game Hiromi.


“Oh Motoko was rarely in any danger.” Hiromi commented, sounding like she was trying to downplay what I could do.


“Well that’s good. We certainly don’t want our talent put at risk. We should speak about those gigs in fact. While keeping a Mercenary image is good, gunfights tend to be high risk.”


“You don’t have to worry about that. Motoko is very competent! She’s only been shot at a few times. Nothing to worry about.” Hiromi said smiling, and I could see Alex twitch a bit… What were you planning Hiromi?


Oh well. Whatever she was up to, I would let her do it.


“I’m going to help Vik put his clinic back to normal. Everyone should get out of here now that this is all over.” I said firmly, as I noticed Hiromi looked pleased with whatever she was up to. Alex headed off, quiet. Obviously thinking about something.


I decided to let Hiromi have whatever plot she was in the middle of, and went to help out.


“Honestly kid, you should be resting. I don’t want you straining those shoulders.” Vik said the instant I walked over to help him pick up a box.


“I’ll pick up the lightest ones.” I offered doing just that and helping.


He just chuffed and got back to cleaning up.


—--


“Nice arms.” Jun said a bit flatly for my taste. I mean, sure I’d entered the apartment walked right up to him and then basically showed my arms into his face by climbing over the back of the couch, but that didn’t mean I wanted him to appreciate my new chrome or something!


“Thanks!” I chirped and then slipped a bit away but waved them a bit in front of me showing off the range of motion. “Militech Eagle. Mark Fives. Got a Militech Gorilla arm module integrated.”


“That tracks.”


I narrowed my eyes at his comment, but sniffed.


“Vik said I’m to be careful for a few days, I wouldn’t want to accidentally hurt you.” I decided calmly, and Jun sent me a smug look, but didn’t actually push.


“The whole… Militech thing… Went well?”


“Yep. Ran into an old… Enemy? Did I tell you about the guy who defenestrated me?”


“Yeeees.” Jun said, slowly eyes narrowed.


I nodded. I was really glad Jun didn’t know what defenestrated means, because I don’t think he would take well to having me thrown out a window. I’m pretty sure I never mentioned it to him when it happened?


Eh, probably not he would have gotten all worried about it.


“Anyways, it was alright it’ll be an ad, but in exchange I get the arms.”


“You should bring them down. Make sure they don’t have any bugs or something in them.”


“Vik already looked them over. You think I’d let anything get chipped in that he hadn’t cleared? You think he would let me!?”


“Motoko, I know you like the guy and he is talented, but he’s not the one that decides what chrome you have.”


I looked at Jun. Poor simple idiotic Jun. That went to a ripper that would just stick any back alley scop into his body.


Heh. If only he had a legendary Ripper to keep watch over him.


“Why are you shooting me that stupid arrogant look? Just because you have to take it easy doesn’t mean I won’t throw your ass around.”


“Just thinking of how much more you have to learn about Night City.” I said, sighing sadly at my poor brother's foolishness.


“Whatever… So it all went well.”


“Mhmm. There was a bit of trouble, that Alex guy is trying to cause trouble and then swoop in to fix it. But Hiromi handled it… And she told him a bit about my merc work, but only in like… I don’t know, she’s trying to mess with him somehow, but I don’t get it.”


“Hiromi is smart, she’ll probably be okay. Just make sure when it all blows up in her face you pick her up and run.”


“Right?” We both agreed at what would happen with a simple nod.


“Alright! I’m going to take a nap, and do some of the practice stuff Vik told me to do for my arms.”


“Pfft. No one does those. It’s dumb.”


“You’re dumb! Literally!” I yelled back, already slipping into my door as Jun spoke.


He was so dumb!


—---


The next day I woke up feeling right as rain. There wasn’t any of the weirdness from having new chrome or anything, I stretched feeling the slight differences in my arms, but nothing that felt wrong.


Then I was off.


“Motoko! Don’t run just yet.” Jun called out as I stepped out of the bathroom cleaned up and ready for the day.


“What’s up?”


“I need a favor. Don’t come to the apartment today until at least five, okay?” He said, looking over the couch and I felt my nose wrinkle


“Ew.”


“I’m not! Jeeze. Motoko get your head out of the gutter! I just need it for some business stuff. Not until five, okay?”


“Yeah… Yeah alright.”


“Oh! And dinner will be at five so get your ass here then. Not before! At five.”


“I can’t come home until five, but only after five, not before? Jeeze Jun.”


“It’s a business meeting. Should have some left overs though. But if you’re late I’ll eat them all.”


“The hell you will!” I snapped at him, finger pointed. “You better save me some!”


“Five! On the dot!”


“Fine! I won’t come in until after five. But I’ll be here! Anyway I’m going to Vik’s!”


“You getting chipped?”


“What? No. Jun I just got new arms. Vik is going to run me through some boxing practice to make sure I know my new strength.”


“Just do it. You don’t need a ripper for that… Go hang out with your friends today.”


“I’m going to Vik’s! Stop telling me what to do. Weirdo.” I grumbled at him as I headed out. Jun was so weird.


—--


“Alright kid, nice and easy.” Vik called out, we were standing in the alley outside his clinic, Misty watching us with a smile from inside her shop as Vik held out a pair of mitts. I wasn’t sure what they were called, but they were the opposite of the boxing gloves. The ones to protect someone's hands as I punched them.


Training Mitts I guess.


I threw a jab, sharp and it smacked into the mitt and instantly Vik swiped at me, forcing me to Juke down head low to avoid it and then I swung the other fist.


Over and over we went as we fell into a rhythm.


“Good, keep the guard up, you got it, weave with the swipes.” He commented, as we worked, his voice a low drone, despite the exercise, his voice stayed calm and his breathing light.


Seriously, Vik was a monster.


I was adjusting my punches, getting a feel for just how much strength I had in my arms.


It was a lot, honestly. Even without activating the Gorilla Mod, my arm strength was probably twice what it had been, I hadn’t even switched on the mod yet.


“Alright Kid, pull out the stops, let me see what you got.” He called out, stepping back and I did just that. A slight twist in my wrists and my forearms expanded. Myomer strands held under tension, I could compress them with a thought giving me immense grip strength, or enough additional torque to yank a door open.


Or I could release it in a single motion and add even more to my punching power.


I did just that. Cocking back and sending it. Vik had stepped back so even my full punch couldn’t reach him, but the punch still jerked his hand back from the force as I thwaked into the mitt.


“Nice. You held back there.”


 


“I did.”


“Well I’m not gonna break, torque it up. I want to feel what you can give me.”


“Hehe! Prepare yourself Vik!” I called out, and this time I didn’t hold back. Smacking his mitt as I unleashed the strained Myomers, it basically made my fist jut out another inch or two like a jack hammer as I struck, but unfortunately the timing was slightly off.


Still it send Vik back a few steps as he laughed. Shaking his had.


“Haha! Now that’s a punch, alright Kid, let’s get that timing down, you felt it right?”


“Yeah I was off.” I confirmed, and settled in for more training. Honestly, it was soothing, moving my body hammering out punches.


And every once in a while getting a little alert.


*100 Street Brawling XP Gained.*


I grinned in delight at every update. It was coming in fairly fast as well. I’d trained with Vik before, but he was really driving me today and finally I heard it.


*100 Street Brawler XP Gained.*


*Street Brawler skill level up!*


Aaah what a good feeling! A level up! I loved level ups!


Street Brawler 9. I felt the shift in my head, the experience guiding me through what I was doing. It wasn’t drastically noticeable. It wasn’t like I was suddenly punching better, It was instinct and experience.


“Alright kid, alright. I think my hand is going numb, so let’s take a break, how's the shoulders holding up?” He asked me, backing up a few minutes later with his hands raised and I laughed.


“Perfect, not a hitch or a tingle feels great.”


“Well that’s good news, come on I want to give a look even so.”


“Sure Vik.”


 


I followed after him watching as he took a moment to grab a towel to wipe his forehead, and grab a drink. “Ah I love this time of year, the air is crisp and cold, lets you train a bit harder.” He said, sounding pleased and I shared his smile.


“Yeah I hate when it gets too hot. At least we get the ocean breeze through the year.”


“Yeah, that does help. Alright, let me see that shoulder of yours. While I do that, you tell me about a rumor I heard about a girl beating up a street fighter, then cutting through an entire pack of 6th Street?”


“Ah… Hehehe!” I laughed awkwardly, but Vik was giving me a dad look!


Crap!


“Okay so that sounds way worse than it ended up being.”


“Oh yeah?”


“Yeeeah.” Oh god it was actually worse than that. I rode a guy over the edge of a building. Vik would not be impressed! Crap!


—--


“Seriously, what is it with everyone today?” I sighed, as I slipped into the apartment elevator and headed up. It was five-oh five. So if Jun was still doing his business meeting that was on him now.


But first Hiromi having cancelled all the events today, not that there was much just another recording session, but that was cancelled then she told me she was busy for the day. Then Malcolm and Ichi both said they were doing stuff today.


I’d called Hayato, but she hadn’t been up for a spar either. Probably for the best, but I’d told her about my new arms and she had sounded half furious and absolutely ready to throw hands with me anyways.


Hayato was like that.


So after a morning with Vik. I’d just sort of idled around the city. Bored.


I’d considered getting a gig set up, but Hiromi would frown at me if I took a gig without the rest of the crew, and well… I was still getting used to my arms.


I’d almost torqued the Kusanagi’s gas a little too high while driving today.


It wasn’t too bad, but the increase in strength was something I was adapting to. Heh. Adapting.


The elevator stopped and I headed to the apartment. Jun’s meeting better be done, I was going to yell at him if it-


I opened the door, and the moment I did it all happened at once. The lights came on, and I leapt.


The room was full and-


“Surprise!” The screams of my friends echoed out, as I stared at them. Then they stared at me.


“Okay this is seriously your fault.” I told them, as I hung from the ceiling, one hand pierced through the ceiling to hold onto whatever beams I could reach, the other already pointing my Burya at them. Only instinct kept me from shooting.


“Motoko! Sorry! Oh we didn’t mean to scare you.” Hiromi called out rushing over.


“Scare her? I’m the one pissing myself.” Malcolm commented but he was actually looking completely calm drinking… Punch? Why was there punch?


The banner hanging from the ceiling tied to the entertainment system, and the kitchen drawer…


“Happy Birthday?”


“Happy Birthday!” Jun called out then chucked a pillow at me, and I yelped and fell. “Now get down from the ceiling, you Gorilla!”


### Works inspired by this one:


-
        [Ghost in the Dunes](https://archiveofourown.org/works/43050981) by [p0cketw0tch](/users/p0cketw0tch/pseuds/p0cketw0tch)
