# MLRS

*Source: https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1126#post-94817419*
*Words: ~270*

---

*   [](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1126#post-94817419)
*   [#28,147](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1126#post-94817419)

After watching the new Cyberpunk trailer I wonder if Motoko will ever decide to modify her Qaudra with attached missile launchers.

 That just seems like fun, and a good way to never get pulled over by the police. Even with their new heavily armored minigun mounted APC's.

* * *

Deputy: "That one's going ten over, do you think we should go after them?"

 Cop: "Are you kidding? Did you see what that thing was packing? It might as well have been a tank, or like a howitzer."

 Deputy: "It's an MLRS."

 Cop: "What? The hell is an MLRS?"

 Deputy: "Multiple launch rocket system, my father used to be an artilleryman in the war."

 Cop: "So? I said howitzer, that's basically the same thing."

 Deputy: "No, a howitzer fires one shell. An MLRS fires multiple's... It's in the name."

 Cop: "What's the difference if you have a grenade flying into your face at high speed?"

 Deputy: "Try sixteen rockets, flying towards you, at once."

 Cop: "Christ, I'm marking that plate down as a potential cyberpsycho."

 Deputy: "What in Night City? That's just good common sense, her speeding on the other hand..."

 Cop: "...What if we stayed behind her the whole way until she pulled over?"

 Deputy: "...They can't fire a rocket backwards."

_*They both put on a pair of sunglasses.*_

 Cop: "Flip on the lights...We've got a criminal to bring in."

_*Shortly afterwards the cop car exploded into a fireball after Motoko suddenly realized she could hack the engine and fuel tank.*_

* * *

*Because apparently we can now also quick hack vehicles to self destruct, hit the e-brake, or even accelerate at top speeds now.

 Last edited: Aug 23, 2023
