# 2 Scavs

*Source: https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1620#post-98710729*
*Words: ~380*

---

*   [](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1620#post-98710729)
*   [#40,495](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1620#post-98710729)

> [Jarrik32 said:](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1620#post-98709613)
> 
> 
> 
>  The Scavs certainly agree with this point of view. It's hinted at more than once that 'second hand' implants mostly come from their chop shops. 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Now I've just got a scene in my head of 2 Scavs talking to each other while working on people and the conversations going something like this:

 ---

 In a dark, bloody, room in the depths of a megastructure, two Scavs were doing their grisly job.

 "Huh, neat" The first Scav muttered to himself while looking at a pair of eyes that he'd just finished removing.

 The second Scav looked over and asked the first "What is it?".

 "Well, it's just that this is the 5th time I've seen this pair of eyes." The first replied with a tone of idle curiosity.

 "Eh?" The second Scav made a brief interrogative noise. "Really? How do you know?" he asked.

 The first Scav turned to face the second. "Oh I just put a little micro QR code on everything I strip out."

 With a deadpan look on his face the second asked "... why?" while not really knowing if he actually wanted the question answered.

 The first Scav just blinked. "'Cos I was curious, of course. I started doing it after figuiring out that I got my first pair of repeats." He shrugged, "Anyways I wonder how many more times I'll see this pair?".

 "Hah," the second gave a brief bark of laughter before continuing "hopefully at least once more. That model's worth some preem eddies.".

 "Yeah." The first Scav nodded. "True that."

 Suddenly there was a brief, almost inaudable whimper from the pile of bloody meat on the table.

 "Ahh shut up." The first Scav sneered at the former person. "Can't you see I'm working here?" he asked with a dark grin.

 "Ooooh sick burn man" the other scav snickered. "Hey, tell you what, in celebration of a fivefer set of optics how 'bout I treat you to some lunch."

 "Seriously man? Preem." The first looked excited "Then we've got to go and try the new burger place a couple of streets over; I've heard the cook is a wizard with his scop."

 "Yeah, no worries man." The second Scav gave a brief smile to the first before turning back to his table. "Let's finish up with the product then we can go."

 And so the two Scav finished up, and went to lunch. And yes, the cook really was a wizard and the burgers were delicous.

 Last edited: Feb 6, 2024
