# Ms. Kusanagi, do enjoy your party.

*Source: https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1883#post-101593872*
*Words: ~620*

---

*   [](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1883#post-101593872)
*   [#47,059](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1883#post-101593872)

> [IonizationNation said:](https://forums.spacebattles.com/threads/ghost-in-the-city-cyberpunk-gamer-si.1046809/page-1879#post-101583351)
> 
> 
> 
>  That only lasts until she reaches John Wick status with the survivors. 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

**Ms. Kusanagi, do enjoy your party.**

 Wakako glanced at the latest intel report, moving to discard it, before she read the last line again.

 "Fuck."

 Glaring at her assistant, she bit out "Get me Moritaka. NOW!"

 ---

 Moritaka sighed as he entered Wakako's office. He could be waiting in a nice cushy suite right now.

 "Rescind the bounty and order to bring in Motoko Kusanagi."

 "Oh? And why should I do that? Her brot-"

 A quick drag of her cigarette, "I dont give shit about her brother. But you have no idea what you've done have you?"

 Moritaka rolled his eyes. "Enlighten me."

 A slower drag this time.

 "The men you sent to take her in are dead, dying or wishing they were dead."

_"Hiromi?"

 "What did you do?!"

 "I didnt do anything! They attacked me first."

 "Well whatever you did its lighting up the fixers like crazy. There's a bounty to bring you in. Alive preferably but dead is an option too!"_

 "None of my contacts can find her."

_Wakako: Please tell me one of you has been in contact with Kusanagi.

 RJones: Nope

 DSmith: Nope. Not since the last job

 Padre: Not with that bounty.

 Hands: Message Read_

 "So you tell me, Moritaka. Where is she? By now I'm sure your men should have checked in. But they haven't."

_"Holy shit that bounty... it keeps going."

 "Hiromi. I need you."

 "Motoko~!?"_

[_"To bring me my armor. And guns. Lots of guns."_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIalODmFrZk)

 "She's a nobody. Kid sister of Ju-"

 "That nobody is the fucking Ghost."

_"Sasha?"

 "Kitten-Motoko! I'm so sorr-"

 "Apologies accepted. Tell me, how fast can you get Maine's crew together? I've got a job."

 "What?"

 "You ever wanted to raid the Tyger Claws for all they've got?_

 "Every job I sent her on. Nobody has ever seen her. Anyone who does. Doesn't live long."

_"Here's the building floor plans as the architect built it."

 "Aramid weave in between layers of ceramic plates"

 "7.62, matched ammo. The recoil system is quite unique. It redirects the recoil back and down. For superior fire control."

 "Poly-mimetic Alloy. Incredible stopping power. "

 "What?"

 "Liquid Metal. Hardens in response to physical force. However, the energy still has to go somewhere. Brace yourself or it'll knock you on your ass."_

 "And now. She's coming for you."

_"The floor plans as built. Potential entry points. Here. Here. And here."

 "RPG 14. Thermobaric warhead for maximum anti-infantry work."

 "Im looking for something a bit more.. Plastic."

 "Ah. I think you'll like the RDX line then. RDX 4. Typically used for demolitions work."_

 Moritaka scoffed. "Keep your horror stories for your sons."

 Another slow drag.

 "I'm trying to save your life. Boy."

_"The floor plans as observed. Entry points are now covered so I dont know how you're-oh."

 "Your arguments are invalid. I have RDX."

 "I think that's it. I think we're ready."

 "One question."

 "Yeah?"

 "How are we getting on the roof of that megabuilding?"_

 ---

 Wakako watched the feed from one of her cameras pointed at where Moritaka had holed up.

 As several figures begin a walking Abseiling from the top of the Megabuilding, one of her assistants murmured "Should we warn Moritaka-san?"

 Wakako huffed. "He's made his bed. Now let him lie in it."

 She switched the feed to another. This one was in the lobby of the Megabuilding showcasing Jun Kusanagi "The Oni" tearing through Moritaka's men. Sometimes quite literally as his own friends brought up the rear.

_'Note to self, do not threaten Motoko in earshot of Jun.'

 ---_

 Like imagine Motoko/Section 9 like some kind of Splinter Cell Special Forces inflitration.

 Meanwhile Jun is doing his goddamn best to re-enact every brawl from Yakuza.
